data/0000_samples.png	Số 253 đường Trần Phú, Thị trấn Nam Sách, Huyện Nam Sách, Hải Dương
data/0001_samples.png	Số 289 Đinh Bộ Lĩnh, Phường 26, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0002_samples.png	Số 246E/2, Khu phố 1B, Phường An Phú, Tx Thuận An, Bình Dương
data/0003_samples.png	42 Đặng Thị Nhu, Phường Nguyễn Thái Bình, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0004_samples.png	200 Phan Bội Châu, Phường Trường An, Thành phố Huế, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/0005_samples.png	27A Hoàng Việt, Phường 4, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0006_samples.png	Số 113 Đường Hưng Thái 2, Phường Tân Phong, Quận 7, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0007_samples.png	Thôn 4, xã Giới Phiên, Thành phố Yên Bái, Yên Bái
data/0008_samples.png	Dãy II, B1, Trần Phú, Phường Cái Khế, Quận Ninh Kiều, Cần Thơ
data/0009_samples.png	ấp Hòa Long 4, Thị trấn An Châu, Huyện Châu Thành, An Giang
data/0010_samples.png	Quốc lộ 29 - Khu phố 1, Thị trấn Hai Riêng, Huyện Sông Hinh, Phú Yên
data/0011_samples.png	469 Hà Huy Tập, Thị trấn Yên Viên, Huyện Gia Lâm, Hà Nội
data/0012_samples.png	479 Khu phố 5, Phường 9, Thành phố Mỹ Tho, Tiền Giang
data/0013_samples.png	561A Điện Biên Phủ, Phường 25, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0014_samples.png	Thôn 4, Xã Ea Tir, Huyện Ea H'leo, Đắc Lắc
data/0015_samples.png	Phố 2, Huyện Bá Thước, Thanh Hoá
data/0016_samples.png	Tổ 2, Xã Yên Bình, Huyện Quang Bình, Hà Giang
data/0017_samples.png	TT Đồng Lê, Huyện Tuyên Hoá, Quảng Bình
data/0018_samples.png	Số 253, đường Nguyễn Trãi, Phường Quán Bàu, Thành Phố Vinh, Nghệ An
data/0019_samples.png	Số 197, Bạch Đằng, Phường Chương Dương, Quận Hoàn Kiếm, Hà Nội
data/0020_samples.png	117A Bình Thới, Phường 11, Quận 11, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0021_samples.png	Tổ 1, Phường Yên Ninh, Thành phố Yên Bái, Yên Bái
data/0022_samples.png	38 Khu Hòa Bình, Thành phố Đà Lạt, Lâm Đồng
data/0023_samples.png	Số 348, Tổ 10, ấp Tân Phú B, Xã Tân An, Thị xã Tân Châu, An Giang
data/0024_samples.png	122/4B, đường 3/2, Phường Xuân Khánh, Quận Ninh Kiều, Cần Thơ
data/0025_samples.png	ấp 1, Xã Hưng Thạnh, Huyện Tháp Mười, Đồng Tháp
data/0026_samples.png	ấp 6, Xã Vĩnh Thuận Đông, Huyện Long Mỹ, Hậu Giang
data/0027_samples.png	Nhà B11 khu đô thị sông đà 2, Quận Hà Đông, Hà Nội
data/0028_samples.png	Số 41, đường Tô Hiệu, TP. Sơn La, Sơn La
data/0029_samples.png	ấp Mỹ Hòa, Thị trấn Mỹ Luông, Huyện Chợ Mới, An Giang
data/0030_samples.png	Số 49 Trần Quốc Toản, Phường Tây Lộc, Thành phố Huế, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/0031_samples.png	15 Hùng Vương, Thành phố Đà Lạt, Lâm Đồng
data/0032_samples.png	22 Linh Trung, Phường Linh Trung, Quận Thủ Đức, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0033_samples.png	209/11 Bến Vân Đồn, Tổ 2, phường 05, Quận 4, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0034_samples.png	Số 64 đường Trần Văn ơn, Phường 1, Thành phố Vĩnh Long, Vĩnh Long
data/0035_samples.png	49 Nguyễn Thị Huỳnh, Quận Phú Nhuận, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0036_samples.png	Số 21 Lê Văn Lương, Phường Trung Hoà, Quận Cầu Giấy, Hà Nội
data/0037_samples.png	Lô C2, 13-14 Phạm Văn Đồng, Phường An Hải Bắc, Quận Sơn Trà, Đà Nẵng
data/0038_samples.png	Chợ Lý Hoà, Xã Hải Trạch, Huyện Bố Trạch, Quảng Bình
data/0039_samples.png	Số 59 Đại Cồ Việt, Phường Lê Đại Hành, Quận Hai Bà Trưng, Hà Nội
data/0040_samples.png	Xóm Chanh, Xã Thái Bình, Huyện Yên Sơn, Tuyên Quang
data/0041_samples.png	Xóm 4, thôn Giang Cao, Xã Bát Tràng, Huyện Gia Lâm, Hà Nội
data/0042_samples.png	Xã Đông tân, Huyện Đông Hưng, Thái Bình
data/0043_samples.png	426/8/9 Giản Dân, Phường Long Thạnh Mỹ, Quận 9, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0044_samples.png	27/33 KP Bình Minh 2, Phường Dĩ An, Tx Dĩ An, Bình Dương
data/0045_samples.png	215 Nguyễn Duy Hiệu, Phường Sơn Phong, Thành phố Hội An, Quảng Nam
data/0046_samples.png	xóm Lê Lợi, Xã Văn Khúc, Huyện Cẩm Khê, Phú Thọ
data/0047_samples.png	Thôn 2, Xã Krông Jing, Huyện M'ĐrắK, Đắc Lắc
data/0048_samples.png	Tân Thiềng, Huyện Chợ Lách, Bến Tre
data/0049_samples.png	Lô IV, Huyện Trảng Bom, Đồng Nai
data/0050_samples.png	Phố Lê Lương, Thị trấn Đầm Hà, Huyện Đầm Hà, Quảng Ninh
data/0051_samples.png	Số 3, ngách 121, tổ 13, Phường Thịnh Quang, Quận Đống đa, Hà Nội
data/0052_samples.png	K760/26 Điện Biên phủ, Phường Thanh Khê Tây, Quận Thanh Khê, Đà Nẵng
data/0053_samples.png	Thôn Pù Đồn, Xã Minh Quang, Huyện Chiêm Hoá, Tuyên Quang
data/0054_samples.png	Thôn Nội, Xã Ninh Xuân, Huyện Hoa Lư, Ninh Bình
data/0055_samples.png	304/19/1 Bùi Đình Túy, Phường 12, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0056_samples.png	Số 126 Lý Nam Đế, Phường Kim Long, Thành phố Huế, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/0057_samples.png	182 - ấp Rừng Sến, Xã Mỹ Hạnh Bắc, Huyện Đức Hoà, Long An
data/0058_samples.png	xã Quỳnh Xuân, Thị Xã Hoàng Mai, Nghệ An
data/0059_samples.png	Xóm Ninh Sơn, Xã Xuất Hóa, Huyện Lạc Sơn, Hòa Bình
data/0060_samples.png	Lô H3, TX Dĩ An, Bình Dương
data/0061_samples.png	Số 43, Đường Thăng Long, Phường 4, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0062_samples.png	Số 172 đại lộ Tôn Đức Thắng, Xã An Đồng, Huyện An Dương, Hải Phòng
data/0063_samples.png	93/9 Lũy Bán Bích, Phường Tân Thới Hoà, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0064_samples.png	Số 900, ấp Phước Lợi, Xã Mong Thọ B, Huyện Châu Thành, Kiên Giang
data/0065_samples.png	Số 69 Đường 2, Xã Mai Đình, Huyện Sóc Sơn, Hà Nội
data/0066_samples.png	Đọ, Xã Bạch Sam, Huyện Mỹ Hào, Hưng Yên
data/0067_samples.png	Vĩnh Hồng, Huyện Bình Giang, Hải Dương
data/0068_samples.png	Thôn Tây, Xã An Vĩnh, Huyện Lý Sơn, Quảng Ngãi
data/0069_samples.png	Đại lộ Lê Nin, xóm 13, Xã Nghi Phú, Thành Phố Vinh, Nghệ An
data/0070_samples.png	309 Bùi Hữu Nghĩa P.01, Phường 1, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0071_samples.png	Tòa Nhà PetroVietnam 1, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0072_samples.png	ấp Phú Bình, xã Phú Hựu, Huyện Châu Thành, Đồng Tháp
data/0073_samples.png	Số 84, ngõ 10, phố 8-3, Phường Quỳnh Mai, Quận Hai Bà Trưng, Hà Nội
data/0074_samples.png	Tỉnh lộ 664, Xã Ia Dêr, Huyện Ia Grai, Gia Lai
data/0075_samples.png	Số 958, đường La Thành, Phường Ngọc Khánh, Quận Ba Đình, Hà Nội
data/0076_samples.png	Tầng 5, Số 98 phố Hoàng Ngân, Phường Trung Hoà, Quận Cầu Giấy, Hà Nội
data/0077_samples.png	64/7/10 Đường Số 8, Phường 11, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0078_samples.png	Số 56, Phố Lưu Hữu Phước, Phường Cầu Diễn, Quận Nam Từ Liêm, Hà Nội
data/0079_samples.png	Khu TM Hiệp Thành Mộc Bài, Xã Lợi Thuận, Huyện Bến Cầu, Tây Ninh
data/0080_samples.png	477 Lê Trọng Tấn, Phường Sơn Kỳ, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0081_samples.png	Bản Tây Tà Lào, Xã Tân Xuân, Huyện Vân Hồ, Sơn La
data/0082_samples.png	Nhà số 8, tổ 10, Phường Định Công, Quận Hoàng Mai, Hà Nội
data/0083_samples.png	Số 43 tổ 1, Khóm 2, Phường Cái Vồn, Thị Xã Bình Minh, Vĩnh Long
data/0084_samples.png	Số 9, phố Yên Ninh, Phường Trúc Bạch, Quận Ba Đình, Hà Nội
data/0085_samples.png	229/38 Lê Quang Định, Phường 7, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0086_samples.png	Xã Kiệt Sơn, Huyện Tân Sơn, Phú Thọ
data/0087_samples.png	Mỏ đá vôi Đồng Bà Ký, Xã Yên Vượng, Huyện Hữu Lũng, Lạng Sơn
data/0088_samples.png	5/121/1 Nơ Trang Long, Phường 7, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0089_samples.png	Tổ dân phố Thống Nhất, Phường Dương Nội, Quận Hà Đông, Hà Nội
data/0090_samples.png	ấp Mỹ Thọ, Xã Mỹ Tịnh An, Huyện Chợ Gạo, Tiền Giang
data/0091_samples.png	08 Lê Quý Đôn, Phường Ia Kring, Thành phố Pleiku, Gia Lai
data/0092_samples.png	28/137, KP 3, Phường Tân Mai, Thành Phố Biên Hoà, Đồng Nai
data/0093_samples.png	Xín Mần, Xã Xín Mần, Huyện Xín Mần, Hà Giang
data/0094_samples.png	Xóm 2, Thôn Cù Tu, Xã Xuân Trúc, Huyện Ân Thi, Hưng Yên
data/0095_samples.png	124 Đường 32, Phường Bình Trị Đông B, Quận Bình Tân, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0096_samples.png	Số nhà 9, Lê Quý Đôn, tổ 9, Phường Nguyễn Trãi, TP Hà Giang, Hà Giang
data/0097_samples.png	Tân Hiệp, Thành phố Hội An, Quảng Nam
data/0098_samples.png	83/4B Tam Bình, Phường Tam Phú, Quận Thủ Đức, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0099_samples.png	Số 65, phố Viên, Phường Cổ Nhuế 2, Quận Bắc Từ Liêm, Hà Nội
data/0100_samples.png	Thôn Phước Hậu, Phường 9, TP Tuy Hoà, Phú Yên
data/0101_samples.png	Thôn Phú Khánh Thượng, Xã Diên Thạnh, Huyện Diên Khánh, Khánh Hòa
data/0102_samples.png	Xã Phương Công, Huyện Tiền Hải, Thái Bình
data/0103_samples.png	43/29 Thành Thái, Phường 14, Quận 10, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0104_samples.png	32/17 Phan Đăng Lưu, Phường Hoà Cường Bắc, Quận Hải Châu, Đà Nẵng
data/0105_samples.png	Thôn Hà Bắc, Xã Ea Wer, Huyện Buôn Đôn, Đắc Lắc
data/0106_samples.png	59 Phạm Tu, Phường Phước Mỹ, Quận Sơn Trà, Đà Nẵng
data/0107_samples.png	QL14, Thị xã Đồng Xoài, Bình Phước
data/0108_samples.png	121B Trần Nhật Duật, Phường Phước Hòa, Thành phố Nha Trang, Khánh Hòa
data/0109_samples.png	Số 298, Nguyễn Trãi, Phường Tân Sơn, Thành phố Thanh Hoá, Thanh Hoá
data/0110_samples.png	Số 268 đường Bà Triệu, Phường Vĩnh Trại, Thành phố Lạng Sơn, Lạng Sơn
data/0111_samples.png	Số 73, khu 5, Phường Bạch Đằng, Thành phố Hạ Long, Quảng Ninh
data/0112_samples.png	Bản Hoàng Mã, Xã Chiềng Khoong, Huyện Sông Mã, Sơn La
data/0113_samples.png	Khu hành chính huyện Thống Nhất, Huyện Thống Nhất, Đồng Nai
data/0114_samples.png	24 Đường Mỹ Thái 2A, Phường Tân Phú, Quận 7, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0115_samples.png	8 Trương Văn Thành, Phường Hiệp Phú, Quận 9, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0116_samples.png	61 Đường số 3, Cư xá Đô Thành, Phường 04, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0117_samples.png	Số 1 Phạm Hùng, Phường Dịch Vọng Hậu, Quận Cầu Giấy, Hà Nội
data/0118_samples.png	93/4 Nguyễn Phúc Chu, Phường 15, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0119_samples.png	Tổ 27, phường Yên Thịnh, Thành phố Yên Bái, Yên Bái
data/0120_samples.png	Tổ 19, ấp Trầu, Xã Phước Thiền, Huyện Nhơn Trạch, Đồng Nai
data/0121_samples.png	391 Giải Phóng, Thị trấn Phước An, Huyện Krông Pắk, Đắc Lắc
data/0122_samples.png	Thôn Mơ, Xã Xuân Bình, Huyện Như Xuân, Thanh Hoá
data/0123_samples.png	382/12/24 Tân Kỳ Tân Quý, Phường Sơn Kỳ, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0124_samples.png	xã Hòa Hiệp, Xã Hòa Hiệp, Huyện Xuyên Mộc, Bà Rịa - Vũng Tàu
data/0125_samples.png	Thị trấn Uyên hưng, Thị xã Tân Uyên, Bình Dương
data/0126_samples.png	Số 161-163-165 Xuân Hồng, Phường 12, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0127_samples.png	ấp Tân Phú, xã Phú Thạnh, Huyện Tân Phú Đông, Tiền Giang
data/0128_samples.png	Tổ dân phố số 18, Phường Trung Văn, Quận Nam Từ Liêm, Hà Nội
data/0129_samples.png	Phường Tiên Cát, Thành phố Việt Trì, Phú Thọ
data/0130_samples.png	61/21 Lý Tự Trọng, Quận Ninh Kiều, Cần Thơ
data/0131_samples.png	Số 79, ngõ 3 Phan Phù Tiên, Phường Cát Linh, Quận Đống Đa, Hà Nội
data/0132_samples.png	Khu 8, Xã Thanh Đình, Thành phố Việt Trì, Phú Thọ
data/0133_samples.png	809 Quang Trung, Phường An Bình, Thị xã An Khê, Gia Lai
data/0134_samples.png	64 Lã Xuân Oai, Phường Tăng Nhơn Phú A, Quận 9, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0135_samples.png	Tổ 12, ấp Thuận Hòa, Xã Bình Sơn, Huyện Hòn Đất, Kiên Giang
data/0136_samples.png	Số 18/61/2 phố Lạc Trung, Phường Vĩnh Tuy, Quận Hai Bà Trưng, Hà Nội
data/0137_samples.png	38 Mạc Đĩnh Chi, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0138_samples.png	60/3 Tân Tiến, Xã Xuân T Đông, Huyện Hóc Môn, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0139_samples.png	28/6 Trương Công Định, Phường 14, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0140_samples.png	ô số 21, lô A, khu 7.2 ha, phường Vĩnh Phúc, Quận Ba Đình, Hà Nội
data/0141_samples.png	ấp Thuận Bắc, xã Thuận Thành, Huyện Cần Giuộc, Long An
data/0142_samples.png	Thôn Phú Đa, Xã Đức Thượng, Huyện Hoài Đức, Hà Nội
data/0143_samples.png	Số 2445 tổ 37, ấp Bông Trang, Xã Thạnh Đức, Huyện Gò Dầu, Tây Ninh
data/0144_samples.png	225A/1, Khu Phố 1A, Phường An Phú, TX Thuận An, Bình Dương
data/0145_samples.png	Số 81/9, Tổ 2, KP 7, Phường Tam Hiệp, Thành Phố Biên Hoà, Đồng Nai
data/0146_samples.png	Chiềng Bôn, Huyện Thuận Châu, Sơn La
data/0147_samples.png	Số 19/5, ngõ 178 Tây Sơn, Phường Trung Liệt, Quận Đống đa, Hà Nội
data/0148_samples.png	Số 165 Tô Hiệu, Phường Dịch Vọng, Quận Cầu Giấy, Hà Nội
data/0149_samples.png	850/9 Quốc lộ 52, Khu phố 6, Phường Hiệp Phú, Quận 9, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0150_samples.png	34 Đào Duy Từ, Phường Lộc Phát, Thành phố Bảo Lộc, Lâm Đồng
data/0151_samples.png	2Bis-4-6 Lê Thánh Tôn, Phường Bến Nghé, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0152_samples.png	Số 02 Hoa Phượng, Phường 02, Quận Phú Nhuận, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0153_samples.png	Số 18, Quang Trung, Phường Hải Đình, Thành phố Đồng Hới, Quảng Bình
data/0154_samples.png	Số 2, ngõ 53, phố Linh Lang, Phường Cống Vị, Quận Ba Đình, Hà Nội
data/0155_samples.png	Số 35/1 Lê Hồng Phong, Phường IV, Tp Vị Thanh, Hậu Giang
data/0156_samples.png	Thôn 1, Xã Liêng Srônh, Huyện Đam Rông, Lâm Đồng
data/0157_samples.png	Thôn Nghĩa Chỉ, Xã Minh Đạo, Huyện Tiên Du, Bắc Ninh
data/0158_samples.png	369/3D, ấp An Phong, Xã An Thạnh, Huyện Mỏ Cày Nam, Bến Tre
data/0159_samples.png	Xóm số 6, Xã Sơn Cẩm, Huyện Phú Lương, Thái Nguyên
data/0160_samples.png	Phường Thanh Sơn, Phường Thanh Sơn, Thành phố Uông Bí, Quảng Ninh
data/0161_samples.png	198B Nguyễn Văn Hưởng, Phường Thảo Điền, Quận 2, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0162_samples.png	742 Nguyễn Trãi, Phường 11, Quận 5, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0163_samples.png	33 Nguyễn Văn Thủ, Phường Đa Kao, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0164_samples.png	64 Tố Hữu, Phường Hoà Cường Nam, Quận Hải Châu, Đà Nẵng
data/0165_samples.png	Thôn Bến Hầu, xã Trường Sơn, Huyện Đức Thọ, Hà Tĩnh
data/0166_samples.png	ấp 3, Long Hòa, Huyện Dầu Tiếng, Bình Dương
data/0167_samples.png	KCN Yên Phong, Xã Long Châu, Huyện Yên Phong, Bắc Ninh
data/0168_samples.png	Tổ 27, đường Lĩnh Nam, Phường Vĩnh Hưng, Quận Hoàng Mai, Hà Nội
data/0169_samples.png	Lô a3 Hàm Nghi, Bình Khánh, Thành phố Long Xuyên, An Giang
data/0170_samples.png	K89/3 Trần Quang Khải, Phường Thọ Quang, Quận Sơn Trà, Đà Nẵng
data/0171_samples.png	185/50 Ba Tháng Hai, Phường 11, Quận 10, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0172_samples.png	37/4 Trần Đình Xu, Phường Cầu Kho, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0173_samples.png	103A đường 23/10, Phường Phương Sơn, Thành phố Nha Trang, Khánh Hòa
data/0174_samples.png	238 Lê Lợi, Phường Chánh Lộ, Thành Phố Quảng Ngãi, Quảng Ngãi
data/0175_samples.png	210 Cống Quỳnh, Phường Phạm Ngũ Lão, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0176_samples.png	Thôn 2, Xã Long Hiệp, Huyện Minh Long, Quảng Ngãi
data/0177_samples.png	Số 01, khu 4, Phường Long Thuỷ, Thị Xã Phước Long, Bình Phước
data/0178_samples.png	KP.06, Phường Linh Trung, Quận Thủ Đức, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0179_samples.png	Thôn Vệ Sơn Đông, xã Tân Minh, Xã Tân Minh, Huyện Sóc Sơn, Hà Nội
data/0180_samples.png	240/72 Nguyễn Văn Luông, Phường 11, Quận 6, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0181_samples.png	243 HOANG VAN THU, P.422, Q.TB, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0182_samples.png	445/2A Nơ Trang Long, Phường 13, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0183_samples.png	Thôn 7 (A Dai), xã Hương Long, Huyện Nam Đông, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/0184_samples.png	25 Đường C18, Phường 12, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0185_samples.png	121/28/20 Đường TA19, phường Thới An, Quận 12, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0186_samples.png	390A Ngô Gia Tự, Phường 04, Quận 10, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0187_samples.png	Xóm Cầu, thôn Triều Khúc, Xã Tân Triều, Huyện Thanh Trì, Hà Nội
data/0188_samples.png	ấp Cái Dầy, Thị trấn Châu Hưng, Huyện Vĩnh Lợi, Bạc Liêu
data/0189_samples.png	105B Trần Hưng Đạo, P. Mỹ Bình, Thành Phố Long Xuyên, An Giang
data/0190_samples.png	190E/2, đường 30/4, Phường Hưng Lợi, Quận Ninh Kiều, Cần Thơ
data/0191_samples.png	Số 5 ngõ 196 phố Thái Thịnh, Phường Láng Hạ, Quận Đống Đa, Hà Nội
data/0192_samples.png	Số 219B, ấp Chánh, Xã Đức Lập Hạ, Huyện Đức Hoà, Long An
data/0193_samples.png	Thôn Xâm Dương, Xã Ninh Sở, Huyện Thường Tín, Hà Nội
data/0194_samples.png	1089 Tạ Quang Bửu, Phường 6, Quận 8, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0195_samples.png	Thôn Kdăm 1, Xã Ia KDăm, Huyện IaPa, Gia Lai
data/0196_samples.png	Số 739, ấp Tân Tỉnh B, Xã Tân Mỹ Chánh, Thành phố Mỹ Tho, Tiền Giang
data/0197_samples.png	158A Võ Thị Sáu, Phường 08, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0198_samples.png	Xóm Chợ Lù, Xã Tùng Lộc, Huyện Can Lộc, Hà Tĩnh
data/0199_samples.png	178D Hai Bà Trưng, Phường Đa Kao, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0200_samples.png	337/2A Trường Chinh, Phường 14, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0201_samples.png	Phố Hoàng Hoa Thám, Thị trấn Cầu Gồ, Huyện Yên Thế, Bắc Giang
data/0202_samples.png	Cao sơn, Huyện Anh Sơn, Nghệ An
data/0203_samples.png	khu phố Mỹ An, Phường Nhị Mỹ, Thị Xã Cai Lậy, Tiền Giang
data/0204_samples.png	116/13 Tuyên Quang, Phường Phú Thủy, Thành Phố Phan Thiết, Bình Thuận
data/0205_samples.png	Bản Mo Nghè 3, Xã Quang Huy, Huyện Phù Yên, Sơn La
data/0206_samples.png	12 Lý Đạo Thành, Phường Tràng Tiền, Quận Hoàn Kiếm, Hà Nội
data/0207_samples.png	ấp 2, Xã Thiện Hưng, Huyện Bù Đốp, Bình Phước
data/0208_samples.png	202/4 Nguyễn Xí, Phường 26, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0209_samples.png	Thôn Kim Sơn, Xã Thủy Bằng, Thị xã Hương Thuỷ, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/0210_samples.png	Số nhà 24, á Lữ, Phường Trần Phú, Thành phố Bắc Giang, Bắc Giang
data/0211_samples.png	Số 260 Khương Đình, Phường Hạ Đình, Quận Thanh Xuân, Hà Nội
data/0212_samples.png	KCN Yên Phong, Xã Long Châu, Huyện Yên Phong, Bắc Ninh
data/0213_samples.png	Xóm Đầm, xã Minh Khai,, Xã Minh Khai, Huyện Hoài Đức, Hà Nội
data/0214_samples.png	18 Ni Sư Huỳnh Liên, Phường 10, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0215_samples.png	1289 Nguyễn Tất Thành, Phường Xuân Hà, Quận Thanh Khê, Đà Nẵng
data/0216_samples.png	Xã Quảng Tân, Huyện Quảng Xương, Thanh Hoá
data/0217_samples.png	T2, xã Phúc Lai, Xã Phúc Lai, Huyện Đoan Hùng, Phú Thọ
data/0218_samples.png	Số nhà 220 phố Quan Nhân, Phường Nhân Chính, Quận Thanh Xuân, Hà Nội
data/0219_samples.png	51 Quốc Hương, Phường Thảo Điền, Quận 2, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0220_samples.png	Hà Đông, Quận Hà Đông, Hà Nội
data/0221_samples.png	658 Võ Văn Kiệt, Phường 01, Quận 5, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0222_samples.png	643 Ngô Quyền, Phường An Hải Bắc, Quận Sơn Trà, Đà Nẵng
data/0223_samples.png	Số 01, ấp 3, Xã Bình Thới, Huyện Bình Đại, Bến Tre
data/0224_samples.png	94/5 Nguyễn Đình Chiểu, Phường 03, Quận Phú Nhuận, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0225_samples.png	Thôn 3, Xã Lộc An, Huyện Bảo Lâm, Lâm Đồng
data/0226_samples.png	Số 190A/15, ấp Long Thuận A, Xã Long Phước, Huyện Long Hồ, Vĩnh Long
data/0227_samples.png	58-Nguyễn Trường Tộ, Phường Ninh Hiệp, Thị xã Ninh Hoà, Khánh Hòa
data/0228_samples.png	Lô 80 Khu D, Phường Hoà Xuân, Quận Cẩm Lệ, Đà Nẵng
data/0229_samples.png	Tổ 38, Khu 5, Phường Vân Phú, Thành phố Việt Trì, Phú Thọ
data/0230_samples.png	Vân Hòa, Xã Vân Tảo, Huyện Thường Tín, Hà Nội
data/0231_samples.png	DT 746, Khu phố 7, Uyên Hưng, Thị xã Tân Uyên, Bình Dương
data/0232_samples.png	145 Nguyễn Đình Chính, Phường 11, Quận Phú Nhuận, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0233_samples.png	Khu II TT Quán Lào, Huyện Yên Định, Thanh Hoá
data/0234_samples.png	68 Nguyễn Huệ, Phường Bến Nghé, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0235_samples.png	Số 999A, ấp Năm Đảm, Xã Lương Thế Trân, Huyện Cái Nước, Cà Mau
data/0236_samples.png	347 - 349 Trần Hưng Đạo, Phường An Hải Tây, Quận Sơn Trà, Đà Nẵng
data/0237_samples.png	162/11 Đường số 10, Phường 9, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0238_samples.png	Số 02 đường Hưng Đạo Vương, Phường 1, Thành phố Vĩnh Long, Vĩnh Long
data/0239_samples.png	Tầng 8, 57-59 Hồ Tùng Mậu, Phường Bến Nghé, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0240_samples.png	ấp 4, Xã Tiến Thành, Thị Xã Đồng Xoài, Bình Phước
data/0241_samples.png	Tổ 31, Khu Cầu Xéo, Thị trấn Long Thành, Huyện Long Thành, Đồng Nai
data/0242_samples.png	ấp Đồng, Xã Phước Tân, Thành phố Biên Hoà, Đồng Nai
data/0243_samples.png	Số 44, Phạm Ngọc Thạch, Phường Hưng Dũng, Thành Phố Vinh, Nghệ An
data/0244_samples.png	62D/18 Cư xá Nguyên Hồng, Phường 11, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0245_samples.png	Số 97, Thành phố Yên Bái, Yên Bái
data/0246_samples.png	Số 632 Tổ 4, Thạnh Trung, Thạnh Tây, Huyện Tân Biên, Tây Ninh
data/0247_samples.png	458/10/8D Huỳnh Tấn Phát, Phường Bình Thuận, Quận 7, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0248_samples.png	11 Nguyễn Thi P.13, Phường 13, Quận 5, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0249_samples.png	131 Nguyễn Văn Thoại, Phường An Hải Đông, Quận Sơn Trà, Đà Nẵng
data/0250_samples.png	Khu 2, ấp Thạnh Lợi, TT. AN Thạnh, Tx Thuận An, Bình Dương
data/0251_samples.png	Quảng An, Xã Quảng An, Huyện Đầm Hà, Quảng Ninh
data/0252_samples.png	454 Nguyễn Thị Minh Khai, Phuờng 05, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0253_samples.png	ấp Tân Điền, Xã Giục Tượng, Huyện Châu Thành, Kiên Giang
data/0254_samples.png	430C/1 Hoàng Văn Thụ, Phường 4, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0255_samples.png	16 Lê Ngô Cát, Phường Trường An, Thành phố Huế, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/0256_samples.png	Thôn Dược Hạ, Xã Tiên Dược, Huyện Sóc Sơn, Hà Nội
data/0257_samples.png	Số 108, Đình Hương, Phường Đông Cương, Thành phố Thanh Hoá, Thanh Hoá
data/0258_samples.png	Tầng 2 số 327 đường Hồng Bàng, Phường 11, Quận 5, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0259_samples.png	Số 16/19, Khu phố Bình Minh 1, Phường Dĩ An, Tx Dĩ An, Bình Dương
data/0260_samples.png	Đội 3 thôn Đồng Lư, Xã Đồng Quang, Huyện Quốc Oai, Hà Nội
data/0261_samples.png	Khu Lâm Thao, Thị trấn Lâm Thao, Huyện Lâm Thao, Phú Thọ
data/0262_samples.png	59/10 Đinh Bộ Lĩnh, Phường 26, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0263_samples.png	Số 288, khối 2, Xã Phù Lỗ, Huyện Sóc Sơn, Hà Nội
data/0264_samples.png	Số 4/44 Ngô Quyền, Phường Xương Huân, Thành phố Nha Trang, Khánh Hòa
data/0265_samples.png	Số 39, ấp Thạnh Xuân, Xã Hoả Tiến, Tp Vị Thanh, Hậu Giang
data/0266_samples.png	Lầu 6, 231-233 Lê Thánh Tôn, Phường Bến Thành, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0267_samples.png	39A Đường Số 13, KP1, Phường Linh Tây, Quận Thủ Đức, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0268_samples.png	25/11/11 đường Bùi Quang Là, Phường 12, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0269_samples.png	Số 2, ngõ 34 đường Nguyên Hồng, Phường Láng Hạ, Quận Đống Đa, Hà Nội
data/0270_samples.png	17A1 Nguyễn Ngọc Phương, Phường 19, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0271_samples.png	Tổ dân phố Trung Bình, Phường Dương Nội, Quận Hà Đông, Hà Nội
data/0272_samples.png	Tỉnh thôn 1, Xã Xuân Hòa, Huyện Thọ Xuân, Thanh Hoá
data/0273_samples.png	Thôn Đinh Xá, Xã Nguyệt Đức, Huyện Yên Lạc, Vĩnh Phúc
data/0274_samples.png	Tổ 18, Phường Phú Bài, Thị xã Hương Thuỷ, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/0275_samples.png	Xóm Quảng ích, Xã Kỳ Khang, Huyện Kỳ Anh, Hà Tĩnh
data/0276_samples.png	Khu phố 6, Thị trấn Di Linh, Huyện Di Linh, Lâm Đồng
data/0277_samples.png	320/2 Cô Giang, Phường 02, Quận Phú Nhuận, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0278_samples.png	2C32 ấp 2, Xã Phạm Văn Hai, Huyện Bình Chánh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0279_samples.png	F11/26T, ấp 6, Xã Vĩnh Lộc A, Huyện Bình Chánh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0280_samples.png	Số 13, ngõ Yên Thế, Phường Văn Miếu, Quận Đống đa, Hà Nội
data/0281_samples.png	Số 26c ngõ 82 Trần Cung, Phường Nghĩa Tân, Quận Cầu Giấy, Hà Nội
data/0282_samples.png	Số 438, Nguyễn Huệ, Phường Ninh Phong, Thành phố Ninh Bình, Ninh Bình
data/0283_samples.png	18C Phạm Đình Hổ, Phường Phạm Đình Hổ, Quận Hai Bà Trưng, Hà Nội
data/0284_samples.png	Số 35 Phan Đình Giót, Phường Phương Liệt, Quận Thanh Xuân, Hà Nội
data/0285_samples.png	Đội 3, Xã Vân Côn, Huyện Hoài Đức, Hà Nội
data/0286_samples.png	Thôn Bắc Sơn, Xã Hoằng Phụ, Huyện Hoằng Hoá, Thanh Hoá
data/0287_samples.png	Xã Lưu Kiền, Huyện Tương Dương, Nghệ An
data/0288_samples.png	Tổ 15, Thị trấn Nam Giang, Huyện Nam Trực, Nam Định
data/0289_samples.png	Số 190, Vương Thừa Vũ, Phường Khương Trung, Quận Thanh Xuân, Hà Nội
data/0290_samples.png	440 Nơ Trang Long, Phường 13, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0291_samples.png	893/12/22 Hoàng Sa, Phường 09, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0292_samples.png	Thôn Phú Bật, Xã Đông Phú, Huyện Đông Sơn, Thanh Hoá
data/0293_samples.png	72 Lê Thánh Tôn, Phường Bến Nghé, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0294_samples.png	86 Cống Lở, Phường 15, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0295_samples.png	T, Xã Thọ Sơn, Huyện Bù Đăng, Bình Phước
data/0296_samples.png	Số 523A Thụy Khuê, Phường Bưởi, Quận Tây Hồ, Hà Nội
data/0297_samples.png	Số 204 đường Hoàng Mai, p.Hoàng Văn Thụ, Quận Hoàng Mai, Hà Nội
data/0298_samples.png	Thôn Thọ Lộc 1, Xã Nhơn Thọ, Thị Xã An Nhơn, Bình Định
data/0299_samples.png	868 Đường Tạ Quang Bửu, Phường 5, Quận 8, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0300_samples.png	23Bis Tú Xương, Phường 07, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0301_samples.png	Cẩm Lạc, Huyện Cẩm Xuyên, Hà Tĩnh
data/0302_samples.png	Xã quy mỹ, Huyện Tân Lạc, Hòa Bình
data/0303_samples.png	Thôn Tân Hiệp 2, Xã Bù Nho, Huyện Phú Riềng, Bình Phước
data/0304_samples.png	Thôn Nhạn Tháp, Xã Mễ Sở, Huyện Văn Giang, Hưng Yên
data/0305_samples.png	Số 51 Triều Khúc, Phường Thanh Xuân Bắc, Quận Thanh Xuân, Hà Nội
data/0306_samples.png	Xã Hải Thanh, Huyện Tĩnh Gia, Thanh Hoá
data/0307_samples.png	Thôn Tân Xuyên, Xã Tân Hợp, Huyện Hướng Hoá, Quảng Trị
data/0308_samples.png	Hẻm 138 đường Phan Đình Phùng, Phường 2, Thành phố Đà Lạt, Lâm Đồng
data/0309_samples.png	Km 29, Quốc lộ 5A, Thôn Bến, Xã Bạch Sam, Huyện Mỹ Hào, Hưng Yên
data/0310_samples.png	Nguyễn Thị Minh Khai, thị trấn Củng Sơn, Huyện Sơn Hoà, Phú Yên
data/0311_samples.png	Tổ 2B, Phố Phú Hà, Phường Phong Châu, Thị Xã Phú Thọ, Phú Thọ
data/0312_samples.png	Số 176 đường Thanh Niên, Phường Hồng Hà, Thành Phố Yên Bái, Yên Bái
data/0313_samples.png	Số 2A, đường Nguyễn Hữu Thọ, Phường Đại Kim, Quận Hoàng Mai, Hà Nội
data/0314_samples.png	708B Tên Lửa, Phường Bình Trị Đông B, Quận Bình Tân, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0315_samples.png	Thôn An Hạ, Xã An Thượng, Huyện Hoài Đức, Hà Nội
data/0316_samples.png	Số 155, ấp 8, Xã Vị Đông, Huyện Vị Thủy, Hậu Giang
data/0317_samples.png	Thôn An Ngãi, Xã Nhơn Hưng, Thị Xã An Nhơn, Bình Định
data/0318_samples.png	34 Nguyễn Mỹ Ca, Phường Hiệp Tân, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0319_samples.png	Thôn Nam Cương, Xã Hiền Ninh, Huyện Sóc Sơn, Hà Nội
data/0320_samples.png	506/15/15D Đường 3/2, Phường 14, Quận 10, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0321_samples.png	Tòa nhà VCCI, 171 Võ Thị Sáu, Phường 07, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0322_samples.png	84/4 Hoàng Hữu Nam, Phường Long Thạnh Mỹ, Quận 9, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0323_samples.png	Số 79, tổ 26, KP 4, Phường Trảng Dài, Thành phố Biên Hoà, Đồng Nai
data/0324_samples.png	77 Tú Mỡ, Phường Hoà An, Quận Cẩm Lệ, Đà Nẵng
data/0325_samples.png	94 Tô Hiến Thành, Quận Hai Bà Trưng, Hà Nội
data/0326_samples.png	Số 432, tổ 45b, Phường Hoàng Văn Thụ, Quận Hoàng Mai, Hà Nội
data/0327_samples.png	60 Bùi Thị Xuân, Phường Bến Thành, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0328_samples.png	xã Hà Phú, Xã Hà Phú, Huyện Hà Trung, Thanh Hoá
data/0329_samples.png	Khối phố Cẩm Sa, Xã Điện Nam Bắc, Thị Xã Điện Bàn, Quảng Nam
data/0330_samples.png	174/110 Chu Văn An, Phường 12, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0331_samples.png	Phố Me, Thị trấn Hợp Hòa, Huyện Tam Dương, Vĩnh Phúc
data/0332_samples.png	36/27 Huỳnh Thiện Lộc, Phường Hoà Thạnh, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0333_samples.png	Hồng Lâm, Xã Hòa Thắng, Huyện Bắc Bình, Bình Thuận
data/0334_samples.png	Kp10, P. An Bình, Thành Phố Biên Hoà, Đồng Nai
data/0335_samples.png	Số 37, Tổ 2, Phường Minh Khai, Thành phố Phủ Lý, Hà Nam
data/0336_samples.png	Khu phố 1, Thị Trấn Thạnh Hóa, Huyện Thạnh Hoá, Long An
data/0337_samples.png	Số 32 Lương Văn Can, Phường 2, Thành Phố Vũng Tàu, Bà Rịa - Vũng Tàu
data/0338_samples.png	Số 838, KP 2, Phường Trảng Dài, Thành phố Biên Hoà, Đồng Nai
data/0339_samples.png	28/6 Đường ĐHT 42, Phường Tân Hưng Thuận, Quận 12, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0340_samples.png	Số 10/2B Quang Trung, K3-P1, Thành Phố Trà Vinh, Trà Vinh
data/0341_samples.png	135B Bình Thới, Phường 11, Quận 11, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0342_samples.png	Thôn Phước Lộc, Xã Đại Quang, Huyện Đại Lộc, Quảng Nam
data/0343_samples.png	290/9 Nam Kỳ Khởi Nghĩa, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0344_samples.png	Thôn Bãi Tháp, Xã Đồng Tháp, Huyện Đan Phượng, Hà Nội
data/0345_samples.png	Số 47, ấp An Chu, thôn Bắc Hợp, Xã Bắc Sơn, Huyện Trảng Bom, Đồng Nai
data/0346_samples.png	Thôn 3, Xã Phùng Xá, Huyện Thạch Thất, Hà Nội
data/0347_samples.png	Cụm Công nghiệp Đồng Lạng, Xã Phù Ninh, Huyện Phù Ninh, Phú Thọ
data/0348_samples.png	ấp Phước Lập, Xã Mỹ Xuân, Huyện Tân Thành, Bà Rịa - Vũng Tàu
data/0349_samples.png	73 Kỳ Đồng, Phường Thanh Khê Đông, Quận Thanh Khê, Đà Nẵng
data/0350_samples.png	Số 3C, đường Cư Xá Đồng Tiến, Phường 14, Quận 10, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0351_samples.png	182 Phan Văn Hân P.17, Phường 17, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0352_samples.png	10 Cẩm Bắc 1, Phường Hoà Thọ Đông, Quận Cẩm Lệ, Đà Nẵng
data/0353_samples.png	12C/2 Nguyễn Thị Minh Khai, Phường Đa Kao, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0354_samples.png	128/7 Đinh Tiên Hoàng, Phường 1, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0355_samples.png	Tổ dân phố khu I, Thị trấn Ngô Đồng, Huyện Giao Thuỷ, Nam Định
data/0356_samples.png	41 Ngô Gia Tự, TP.Buôn Ma Thuột, Đắc Lắc
data/0357_samples.png	ấp 8 xã Hiệp Thạnh, Huyện Châu Thành, Long An
data/0358_samples.png	Số 58, phố Ngọc Hà, Phường Đội Cấn, Quận Ba Đình, Hà Nội
data/0359_samples.png	Số nhà 71, thôn Nam Nghĩa, Xã Nam Đà, Huyện Krông Nô, Đắk Nông
data/0360_samples.png	Thôn Chánh Thiện, Xã Cát Thành, Huyện Phù Cát, Bình Định
data/0361_samples.png	726 a, Tổ 3, Phường Yên Thế, Thành phố Pleiku, Gia Lai
data/0362_samples.png	Số 03 Tô Hiến Thành, Phường 4, Thành Phố Vũng Tàu, Bà Rịa - Vũng Tàu
data/0363_samples.png	35 Nguyễn Phước Nguyên, Phường Hoà Khê, Quận Thanh Khê, Đà Nẵng
data/0364_samples.png	Số 980 đường 2/9, Phường 11, Thành Phố Vũng Tàu, Bà Rịa - Vũng Tàu
data/0365_samples.png	Ba Mến, An Trạch A, Huyện Đông Hải, Bạc Liêu
data/0366_samples.png	Số 1 Quản Trọng Linh, Phường 7, Quận 8, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0367_samples.png	Quốc lộ 5A, Xã Đình Dù, Huyện Văn Lâm, Hưng Yên
data/0368_samples.png	23-23A Trần Khắc Chân, Phường Tân Định, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0369_samples.png	ấp Lộ Ngang, Xã Bình Đức, Huyện Châu Thành, Tiền Giang
data/0370_samples.png	K18/1 Ca Văn Thỉnh, Phường Hoà Cường Nam, Quận Hải Châu, Đà Nẵng
data/0371_samples.png	Nguyễn Quyền, Phường Võ Cường, Thành phố Bắc Ninh, Bắc Ninh
data/0372_samples.png	80C Gò Cát, Phường Phú Hữu, Quận 9, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0373_samples.png	359/23 Lê Văn Sỹ, Phường 12, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0374_samples.png	Xã Yên Phú - Huyện Bắc Mê - Hà Giang, Huyện Bắc Mê, Hà Giang
data/0375_samples.png	Bình Thạnh, Xã Xuân Bình, Thị xã Sông Cầu, Phú Yên
data/0376_samples.png	276/31/121 Thống Nhất, P.16, Phường 16, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0377_samples.png	24 An Dương Vương P.10, Phường 10, Quận 6, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0378_samples.png	Đường Vành Đai 2, Phường 4, Thành phố Cà Mau, Cà Mau
data/0379_samples.png	6 KP1, Phường Tân Quy, Quận 7, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0380_samples.png	Thôn Vân Sau, Xã Vân Hội, Huyện Tam Dương, Vĩnh Phúc
data/0381_samples.png	218/21 Bùi Thị Xuân, Phường 3, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0382_samples.png	ấp Tân Lập, xã Vĩnh Hiệp, Thị Xã Vĩnh Châu, Sóc Trăng
data/0383_samples.png	Tổ 4, Phường Trần Phú, TP Hà Giang, Hà Giang
data/0384_samples.png	Số 278, tổ 7, Phường Dư Hàng Kênh, Quận Lê Chân, Hải Phòng
data/0385_samples.png	Số 289 Nguyễn Lương Bằng, Phường Văn Đẩu, Quận Kiến An, Hải Phòng
data/0386_samples.png	Tri Hải, Huyện Ninh Hải, Ninh Thuận
data/0387_samples.png	Đường Võ Nguyên Giáp, Phường Quyết Tiến, Thành Phố Lai Châu, Lai Châu
data/0388_samples.png	Xóm Mỏ Gà, Xã Phú Thượng, Huyện Võ Nhai, Thái Nguyên
data/0389_samples.png	Số 110 phố Thái Thịnh, Phường Trung Liệt, Quận Đống đa, Hà Nội
data/0390_samples.png	209 Hoàng Văn Thụ, Phường 7, Thành Phố Vũng Tàu, Bà Rịa - Vũng Tàu
data/0391_samples.png	06 Hai Bà Trưng, Phường Bến Nghé, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0392_samples.png	Số 299, tổ 49, Phường Yên Hoà, Quận Cầu Giấy, Hà Nội
data/0393_samples.png	146 Cao Bá Quát, Phường Yên Đỗ, Thành phố Pleiku, Gia Lai
data/0394_samples.png	Tổ 53, Thị trấn Đông Anh, Huyện Đông Anh, Hà Nội
data/0395_samples.png	Số 1 Bùi Thị Từ Nhiên, Phường Đông Hải 1, Quận Hải An, Hải Phòng
data/0396_samples.png	Số 6A, phố Trần Quốc Toản, phường Hàng Bài, Quận Hoàn Kiếm, Hà Nội
data/0397_samples.png	ấp Trạm Bơm, Xã Tân Phú Trung, Huyện Củ Chi, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0398_samples.png	Tiểu khu 3, Thị trấn Đồng Lê, Huyện Tuyên Hoá, Quảng Bình
data/0399_samples.png	Số 205, quốc lộ 62, P6, Phường 6, Thành Phố Tân An, Long An
data/0400_samples.png	Số 63 Thái Sơn, Xã N-Thol Hạ, Huyện Đức Trọng, Lâm Đồng
data/0401_samples.png	Thôn Phú Mỹ, Xã Hàm Mỹ, Huyện Hàm Thuận Nam, Bình Thuận
data/0402_samples.png	Thôn Hoàng Long, Xã Đặng Xá, Huyện Gia Lâm, Hà Nội
data/0403_samples.png	Số nhà 61, Đường Lê Duẩn, Tổ 1, Phường Quyết Tâm, TP. Sơn La, Sơn La
data/0404_samples.png	TT Đầm Dơi, Huyện Đầm Dơi, Cà Mau
data/0405_samples.png	Số 38, tổ dân phố 8, Phường Phú La, Quận Hà Đông, Hà Nội
data/0406_samples.png	1275/4 Phan Văn Trị, Phường 10, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0407_samples.png	05 Lý Đạo Thành, Phường Mân Thái, Quận Sơn Trà, Đà Nẵng
data/0408_samples.png	Tổ 30 khu 3, Phường Quán Toan, Quận Hồng Bàng, Hải Phòng
data/0409_samples.png	ô 2B, Lô K22, Đường DE1, Phường Thới Hòa, Thị Xã Bến Cát, Bình Dương
data/0410_samples.png	Khu 5 xã Trung Hà, Xã Trung Hà, Huyện Yên Lạc, Vĩnh Phúc
data/0411_samples.png	Cự Môn, Xã Thạch Đồng, Huyện Thạch Thành, Thanh Hoá
data/0412_samples.png	Thôn Cao Thắng, Xã Kỳ Xuân, Huyện Kỳ Anh, Hà Tĩnh
data/0413_samples.png	Thôn Đồng Bây xã An Lạc, Huyện Sơn Động, Bắc Giang
data/0414_samples.png	Xã Yên Thịnh, Huyện Chợ Đồn, Bắc Cạn
data/0415_samples.png	417 âu Cơ, Phường Hoà Khánh Bắc, Quận Liên Chiểu, Đà Nẵng
data/0416_samples.png	Tổ 3, ấp Vĩnh Thành B, Xã Vĩnh Hòa Hiệp, Huyện Châu Thành, Kiên Giang
data/0417_samples.png	Tổ 2, Phường Định Công, Quận Hoàng Mai, Hà Nội
data/0418_samples.png	Xã Tân Cương, Xã Tân Cương, Huyện Vĩnh Tường, Vĩnh Phúc
data/0419_samples.png	Tổ 4, thôn Phước Long, Xã Tân Hoà, Huyện Tân Thành, Bà Rịa - Vũng Tàu
data/0420_samples.png	TK 3, Thị trấn Hoàn Lão, Huyện Bố Trạch, Quảng Bình
data/0421_samples.png	Số 46 Hồ Tùng Mậu, Phường Mai Dịch, Quận Cầu Giấy, Hà Nội
data/0422_samples.png	Thôn 9, Thị Trấn An Lão, Huyện An Lão, Bình Định
data/0423_samples.png	24 Đường 96, Phường Thạnh Mỹ Lợi, Quận 2, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0424_samples.png	Châu Quang, Quỳ Hợp, Nghệ An, Huyện Quỳ Hợp, Nghệ An
data/0425_samples.png	Số 1 Nguyễn Khoa Vy, Phường Vỹ Dạ, Thành phố Huế, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/0426_samples.png	P204, B10 phường Thanh Xuân Bắc, Quận Thanh Xuân, Hà Nội
data/0427_samples.png	188 C Lê Văn Sỹ, Phường 10, Quận Phú Nhuận, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0428_samples.png	Khu công nghiệp Gò Dầu, Xã Phước Thái, Huyện Long Thành, Đồng Nai
data/0429_samples.png	74/61 Bùi Quang Là, Phường 12, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0430_samples.png	Nhà bà Mai Thị Hương, thôn 8, Xã Hà Vinh, Huyện Hà Trung, Thanh Hoá
data/0431_samples.png	Thị Trấn Ngã Sáu, Huyện Châu Thành, Hậu Giang
data/0432_samples.png	TT Kiến Giang, Huyện Lệ Thuỷ, Quảng Bình
data/0433_samples.png	Số 524 ấp Mỹ Quới, Thị trấn Cây Dương, Huyện Phụng Hiệp, Hậu Giang
data/0434_samples.png	Tổ 3 thôn Sáp Mai, Xã Võng La, Huyện Đông Anh, Hà Nội
data/0435_samples.png	Số nhà 1364, ấp 3, Xã Tiến Thành, Thị Xã Đồng Xoài, Bình Phước
data/0436_samples.png	126/1I, tổ 8, ấp Tân Cang, Xã Phước Tân, Thành Phố Biên Hoà, Đồng Nai
data/0437_samples.png	Thôn Hòa Lâm, Xã Trường Lâm, Huyện Tĩnh Gia, Thanh Hoá
data/0438_samples.png	Thôn Liên minh, Xã Hoằng Trường, Huyện Hoằng Hoá, Thanh Hoá
data/0439_samples.png	160 Võ Văn Bích, ấp 4B, Xã Bình Mỹ, Huyện Củ Chi, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0440_samples.png	161D/68 đường Lạc Long Quân, Phường 3, Quận 11, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0441_samples.png	Thôn 4, Huyện Bảo Lâm, Lâm Đồng
data/0442_samples.png	Số 592/TT, ấp Tân Thành, Xã Hòa Thành, Huyện Lai Vung, Đồng Tháp
data/0443_samples.png	62D/27 C/X Nguyên Hồng, Phường 11, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0444_samples.png	68 Trần Hưng Đạo, Huyện Châu Đức, Bà Rịa - Vũng Tàu
data/0445_samples.png	Tổ dân phố 6, Phường Him Lam, TP Điện Biên Phủ, Điện Biên
data/0446_samples.png	186 Hoàng Hoa Thám, Phường 12, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0447_samples.png	Tổ dân phố Đoàn Kết, Thị Trấn Tủa Chùa, Huyện Tủa Chùa, Điện Biên
data/0448_samples.png	Khu 1, thôn Đông Cao, Xã Tráng Việt, Huyện Mê Linh, Hà Nội
data/0449_samples.png	Đường Lạc Trị, cụm 3, Xã Thọ Lộc, Huyện Phúc Thọ, Hà Nội
data/0450_samples.png	Số 347 ấp Kinh 8A, Xã Thạnh Đông A, Huyện Tân Hiệp, Kiên Giang
data/0451_samples.png	84/31 Nguyễn Biểu, Phường 01, Quận 5, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0452_samples.png	Xóm 6, Xã Giao Yến, Huyện Giao Thuỷ, Nam Định
data/0453_samples.png	157 Lâm Văn Bền, Phường Bình Thuận, Quận 7, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0454_samples.png	496/22/9A Dương Quảng Hàm, Phường 6, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0455_samples.png	số 9 ngõ 31 đường Hòa Bình, Phường Yên Nghĩa, Quận Hà Đông, Hà Nội
data/0456_samples.png	Xã Giao Tân, Huyện Giao Thuỷ, Nam Định
data/0457_samples.png	Tổ 31 Khu 9, Phường Quang Trung, Thành phố Uông Bí, Quảng Ninh
data/0458_samples.png	Khu vực I,, Thị trấn Đông Thành, Huyện Đức Huệ, Long An
data/0459_samples.png	886 Huỳnh Tấn Phát, Phường Tân Phú, Quận 7, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0460_samples.png	Số 266 Trà Sư, Thị trấn Nhà Bàng, Huyện Tịnh Biên, An Giang
data/0461_samples.png	Tổ dân phố Đông Ba, Phường Thượng Cát, Quận Bắc Từ Liêm, Hà Nội
data/0462_samples.png	54-56 Tuệ Tĩnh, Quận Hai Bà Trưng, Hà Nội
data/0463_samples.png	A6, Thành phố Thanh Hoá, Thanh Hoá
data/0464_samples.png	Khu phố 1, Thị trấn Vĩnh Trụ, Huyện Lý Nhân, Hà Nam
data/0465_samples.png	Số 37, Võ Thị Sáu, Phường 2, Thành Phố Cao Lãnh, Đồng Tháp
data/0466_samples.png	548-550 Điện Biên Phủ, Phường Thanh Khê Đông, Quận Thanh Khê, Đà Nẵng
data/0467_samples.png	Số 136/8, KP 2, Phường Long Bình, Thành phố Biên Hoà, Đồng Nai
data/0468_samples.png	30 Trần Đại Nghĩa, Phường Bách Khoa, Quận Hai Bà Trưng, Hà Nội
data/0469_samples.png	29 Khóm B, TT Tân Hiệp, Huyện Tân Hiệp, Kiên Giang
data/0470_samples.png	169 Nguyễn Đức Cảnh, Phường Thuận Phước, Quận Hải Châu, Đà Nẵng
data/0471_samples.png	Số 184, ấp 6, Xã Lộc Thái, Huyện Lộc Ninh, Bình Phước
data/0472_samples.png	Số 8, Đường Số 35, Phường Bình Thuận, Quận 7, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0473_samples.png	Tổ dân phố Tân Phong, Thị xã Kỳ Anh, Hà Tĩnh
data/0474_samples.png	134/4A Hoàng Hoa Thám, Phường 12, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0475_samples.png	Tổ 1, Khóm 1, Thị trấn Tri Tôn, Huyện Tri Tôn, An Giang
data/0476_samples.png	491 Trần Phú, Thành phố Bảo Lộc, Lâm Đồng
data/0477_samples.png	Tổ 32, phố Tiền Phong, Phường Tiên Cát, Thành Phố Việt Trì, Phú Thọ
data/0478_samples.png	188 Lý Tự Trọng (Tầng 4), Phường Thanh Bình, Quận Hải Châu, Đà Nẵng
data/0479_samples.png	ấp Lê Minh Bằng, xã Thạnh Yên A, Huyện U Minh Thượng, Kiên Giang
data/0480_samples.png	Số 195/44 Ba Cu, phường 4, Thành Phố Vũng Tàu, Bà Rịa - Vũng Tàu
data/0481_samples.png	Số 370 Tân An, Xã Lộc Hoà, Thành phố Nam Định, Nam Định
data/0482_samples.png	45/10 Bông Sao, Phường 5, Quận 8, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0483_samples.png	Khóm Minh Thuận B, TTCN, Huyện Cầu Ngang, Trà Vinh
data/0484_samples.png	Khóm Sơn Đông, TT Nhà Bàng, Huyện Tịnh Biên, An Giang
data/0485_samples.png	481A Điện Biên Phủ, Phường 25, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0486_samples.png	62 Phạm Hồng Thái, Thành phố Long Xuyên, An Giang
data/0487_samples.png	45 Trường Sơn, Phường 2, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0488_samples.png	Số 2/2, ấp Trà Cổ, Xã Bình Minh, Huyện Trảng Bom, Đồng Nai
data/0489_samples.png	Số 405 Thuỵ Khuê P.Bưởi, Quận Tây Hồ, Hà Nội
data/0490_samples.png	Thôn Cao Quán, Xã Hồng Tiến, Huyện Khoái Châu, Hưng Yên
data/0491_samples.png	Số 402, ấp 3, Xã Vị Thanh, Huyện Vị Thủy, Hậu Giang
data/0492_samples.png	39B Trường Sơn P.04, Phường 4, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0493_samples.png	458/10/11 Huỳnh Tấn Phát, Phường Bình Thuận, Quận 7, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0494_samples.png	Số 183 Lê Thành Phương, Phường 8, TP Tuy Hoà, Phú Yên
data/0495_samples.png	Tổ 2, ấp Cảng, Xã Hoà Điền, Huyện Kiên Lương, Kiên Giang
data/0496_samples.png	Đường Hùng Vương, Phường Tân Bình, Thị xã Đồng Xoài, Bình Phước
data/0497_samples.png	84 Nguyễn Du, Phường Nguyễn Nghiêm, Thành Phố Quảng Ngãi, Quảng Ngãi
data/0498_samples.png	Số 60 Lương Khánh Thiện, Phường Tương Mai, Quận Hoàng Mai, Hà Nội
data/0499_samples.png	917C âu Cơ, Phường Tân Sơn Nhì, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0500_samples.png	Thôn Vạn Hội 1, Xã Ân Tín, Huyện Hoài Ân, Bình Định
data/0501_samples.png	33 Đường số 7, Phường An Lạc A, Quận Bình Tân, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0502_samples.png	553 Tân Kỳ Tân Quý, Phường Tân Quý, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0503_samples.png	Số 407 Nguyễn Khang, Phường Yên Hoà, Quận Cầu Giấy, Hà Nội
data/0504_samples.png	Thị trấn phố Mới, Huyện Quế Võ, Bắc Ninh
data/0505_samples.png	101 Hùng Vương, Phường An Phú, Thành Phố Tam Kỳ, Quảng Nam
data/0506_samples.png	Số nhà 169, tổ 25, Phường Khương Trung, Quận Thanh Xuân, Hà Nội
data/0507_samples.png	Số 21 Đống Đa, Phường Phú Nhuận, Thành Phố Huế, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/0508_samples.png	Số 140 Đường Nguyễn Văn Thủ, Phường Đa Kao, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0509_samples.png	SN 56 thôn Đồng, Xã Đông Lĩnh, Thành phố Thanh Hoá, Thanh Hoá
data/0510_samples.png	24A Đường Số 51, Phường 14, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0511_samples.png	Số 2, Đường 207, Khu phố 4, Phường Hiệp Phú, Quận 9, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0512_samples.png	Số 66, ngõ 282 Kim Giang, Phường Đại Kim, Quận Hoàng Mai, Hà Nội
data/0513_samples.png	189 Võ Thị Sáu, Phường 07, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0514_samples.png	590 Đường Bà Triệu, Thị trấn Nông Cống, Huyện Nông Cống, Thanh Hoá
data/0515_samples.png	Thôn Hán Xuyên, Xã Thất Hùng, Huyện Kinh Môn, Hải Dương
data/0516_samples.png	4/4, tổ 7, KP 4, P Trảng Dài, Thành Phố Biên Hoà, Đồng Nai
data/0517_samples.png	Thôn Phú Gia, Xã Lộc Tiến, Huyện Phú Lộc, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/0518_samples.png	100/PT Tổ 04 KV Bình Phó B- P. Long Tuyền, Quận Bình Thuỷ, Cần Thơ
data/0519_samples.png	Tổ 25A, Phường Cẩm Thịnh, Thành phố Cẩm Phả, Quảng Ninh
data/0520_samples.png	535D2/20, KV Bình An, Phường Long Hòa, Quận Bình Thuỷ, Cần Thơ
data/0521_samples.png	Tầng 2, số 70 Đường Lữ Gia, Phường 15, Quận 11, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0522_samples.png	Số 366A33 đường Phan Văn Trị, Phường 5, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0523_samples.png	Xã Xuân Hoá, Huyện Minh Hoá, Quảng Bình
data/0524_samples.png	Thôn Duyên Yên, Xã Ngọc Thanh, Huyện Kim Động, Hưng Yên
data/0525_samples.png	553 Hương Lộ 2, Phường Bình Trị Đông, Quận Bình Tân, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0526_samples.png	Số 276 Ngô Quyền, Khu phố 3, Phường Tân An, Thị xã La Gi, Bình Thuận
data/0527_samples.png	Đội 11, thôn Đông Vũ, Thành Phố Thanh Hoá, Thanh Hoá
data/0528_samples.png	Thôn Mỹ Chánh, Xã Hải Chánh, Huyện Hải Lăng, Quảng Trị
data/0529_samples.png	563 Núi Thành, Phường Hoà Cường Nam, Quận Hải Châu, Đà Nẵng
data/0530_samples.png	Xóm Đồng Bai, Xã Đoàn Kết, Huyện Yên Thuỷ, Hòa Bình
data/0531_samples.png	Thôn Tử Dương, Xã Cao Thành, Huyện Ứng Hoà, Hà Nội
data/0532_samples.png	Tổ 4, ấp Phước Hưng 1, Thị trấn Gò Quao, Huyện Gò Quao, Kiên Giang
data/0533_samples.png	106 Đinh Thị Vân, Phường An Khê, Quận Thanh Khê, Đà Nẵng
data/0534_samples.png	9D Thái Nguyên, Phường Phước Tân, Thành phố Nha Trang, Khánh Hòa
data/0535_samples.png	Số 337, ấp Phước Thạnh, Xã Phước Long, Huyện Phước Long, Bạc Liêu
data/0536_samples.png	Thôn Đoài, xã Liên Hà, Xã Liên Hà, Huyện Đan Phượng, Hà Nội
data/0537_samples.png	Số 438, đường Khương Đình, Phường Hạ Đình, Quận Thanh Xuân, Hà Nội
data/0538_samples.png	Số 74, Nguyễn Thị Định, Phường Thanh Châu, Thành phố Phủ Lý, Hà Nam
data/0539_samples.png	ấp Thân Bình, Xã Thân Cửu Nghĩa, Huyện Châu Thành, Tiền Giang
data/0540_samples.png	40 Đường 40, Phường Tân Phong, Quận 7, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0541_samples.png	thôn Phước Lợi, Xã Phước Đồng, Thành Phố Nha Trang, Khánh Hòa
data/0542_samples.png	Số 08 tỉnh Lộ 28 -P. Pháo Đài, Thị xã Hà Tiên, Kiên Giang
data/0543_samples.png	Lô C1, KCN Quang Châu, Xã Quang Châu, Huyện Việt Yên, Bắc Giang
data/0544_samples.png	Khu 7 TT Phố Ràng, Huyện Bảo Yên, Lào Cai
data/0545_samples.png	Số 17K11, Tổ Khúc Trì 4, Phường Ngọc Sơn, Quận Kiến An, Hải Phòng
data/0546_samples.png	155C Thống Nhất, Thị trấn Phan Rí Cửa, Huyện Tuy Phong, Bình Thuận
data/0547_samples.png	244 Hai Bà Trưng, Thành phố Pleiku, Gia Lai
data/0548_samples.png	93 Nguyễn Bảo, Xã Hoà Châu, Huyện Hoà Vang, Đà Nẵng
data/0549_samples.png	Thôn Dĩnh Tân, Xã Tân Dĩnh, Huyện Lạng Giang, Bắc Giang
data/0550_samples.png	347/11/29 Lê Văn Thọ, Phường 9, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0551_samples.png	151 Quang Trung, Phường 1, Thành phố Trà Vinh, Trà Vinh
data/0552_samples.png	Xã Nậm Loong, Xã Nậm Loong, Thành Phố Lai Châu, Lai Châu
data/0553_samples.png	B21 Đường D1, phường Tân Thới Nhất, Quận 12, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0554_samples.png	265 Nguyễn Tất Thành, Phường 8, TP Tuy Hoà, Phú Yên
data/0555_samples.png	Số 110B đường Y Ngông, Phường Tân Tiến, TP.Buôn Ma Thuột, Đắc Lắc
data/0556_samples.png	Tổ 30D, khu 2B, Phường Cao Xanh, Thành phố Hạ Long, Quảng Ninh
data/0557_samples.png	K139/H37/26 Trần Quang Khải, Phường Thọ Quang, Quận Sơn Trà, Đà Nẵng
data/0558_samples.png	Số 6 ngõ 276, đường Quảng Oai, Thị trấn Tây Đằng, Huyện Ba Vì, Hà Nội
data/0559_samples.png	Quảng Lưu, Huyện Quảng Xương, Thanh Hoá
data/0560_samples.png	Thôn Bình Dương, Xã Hương Bình, Thị Xã Hương Trà, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/0561_samples.png	P.1B #1 12 Lê Thánh Tôn, Phường Bến Nghé, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0562_samples.png	111/8/25A Vườn Lài, Phường Phú Thọ Hoà, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0563_samples.png	Thôn Vĩnh Trung, Xã Đại áng, Huyện Thanh Trì, Hà Nội
data/0564_samples.png	Thôn Đông Đình, Xã Đại Cường, Huyện ứng Hoà, Hà Nội
data/0565_samples.png	415/8 Trần Phú, Phường 07, Quận 5, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0566_samples.png	09, Thành phố Đồng Hới, Quảng Bình
data/0567_samples.png	Thôn 12, Xã Minh Khôi, Huyện Nông Cống, Thanh Hoá
data/0568_samples.png	29/5 Đường Số 19, Phường Linh Chiểu, Quận Thủ Đức, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0569_samples.png	Xã Thanh Tuyền, Huyện Thanh Liêm, Hà Nam
data/0570_samples.png	K115/6 ông ích Khiêm, Phường Thanh Bình, Quận Hải Châu, Đà Nẵng
data/0571_samples.png	Tổ 34, Quận Liên Chiểu, Đà Nẵng
data/0572_samples.png	Tổ 12, Phường Nguyễn Trãi, TP Hà Giang, Hà Giang
data/0573_samples.png	Xã Điền Quang, Huyện Bá Thước, Thanh Hoá
data/0574_samples.png	ấp Nhà việc, xã Châu Thới, Huyện Vĩnh Lợi, Bạc Liêu
data/0575_samples.png	Xã Lộc Sơn, Xã Lộc Sơn, Huyện Hậu Lộc, Thanh Hoá
data/0576_samples.png	Thông Sơn Đồng, Xã Tiên Phương, Huyện Chương Mỹ, Hà Nội
data/0577_samples.png	Thôn Cư Thạnh, Xã Suối Hiệp, Huyện Diên Khánh, Khánh Hòa
data/0578_samples.png	66 đường số 33, khu phố 2, Phường Bình An, Quận 2, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0579_samples.png	Thôn Cổng, Xã Dương Đức, Huyện Lạng Giang, Bắc Giang
data/0580_samples.png	165/4 Nguyễn Sĩ Sách, Phường 15, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0581_samples.png	Tân Tiến - Đồn Đạc, Xã Đồn Đạc, Huyện Ba Chẽ, Quảng Ninh
data/0582_samples.png	Số 56, Quốc lộ 62, Phường 2, Thành Phố Tân An, Long An
data/0583_samples.png	45A đường 18, Phường Hiệp Bình Chánh, Quận Thủ Đức, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0584_samples.png	369, ấp 2, Xã Long Khê, Huyện Cần Đước, Long An
data/0585_samples.png	114/9 Đề Thám, Phường Cầu Ông Lãnh, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0586_samples.png	Khu phố 1, Phường Ba Đồn, Thị Xã Ba Đồn, Quảng Bình
data/0587_samples.png	45/314 Quang Trung, Phường 12, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0588_samples.png	Thôn Phúc Thọ, Xã Mai Lâm, Huyện Đông Anh, Hà Nội
data/0589_samples.png	58, Quận Ba Đình, Hà Nội
data/0590_samples.png	Thôn Tư Đa, Huyện Kinh Môn, Hải Dương
data/0591_samples.png	892 Lạc Long Quân, Phường 8, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0592_samples.png	Số 101 Đồng Tâm, Phường Đồng Tâm, Quận Hai Bà Trưng, Hà Nội
data/0593_samples.png	82/4 Đường số 7, Phường 16, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0594_samples.png	P105 E4, Tập thể Thanh Xuân Bắc, Quận Thanh Xuân, Hà Nội
data/0595_samples.png	Tổ 11, ấp Phước Lý, Xã Phước Lý, Huyện Cần Giuộc, Long An
data/0596_samples.png	200/22-24 Cô Giang, Phường Cô Giang, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0597_samples.png	66 An Hội, Phường 13, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0598_samples.png	180 Đường số 3, Phường 9, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0599_samples.png	178/11/27 Phan Đăng Lưu, Phường 03, Quận Phú Nhuận, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0600_samples.png	38 Lê Hoàng Phái, Phường 17, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0601_samples.png	Đường Nguyễn Khuyến, KP1, Thị trấn Võ Xu, Huyện Đức Linh, Bình Thuận
data/0602_samples.png	Số 344, tổ 11, cụm 3, Phường Hạ Đình, Quận Thanh Xuân, Hà Nội
data/0603_samples.png	Thôn Phong Doanh, Xã Bình Dương, Huyện Vĩnh Tường, Vĩnh Phúc
data/0604_samples.png	Khu phố Bình Giang 1, Phường Sơn Giang, Thị Xã Phước Long, Bình Phước
data/0605_samples.png	Nhà ông Nguyễn Đình Sơn, xóm 3, Xã Nam Tân, Huyện Nam Đàn, Nghệ An
data/0606_samples.png	Số 143, ấp 1, Xã Hưng Hoà, Huyện Bàu Bàng, Bình Dương
data/0607_samples.png	TT Thốt Nốt, Quận Thốt Nốt, Cần Thơ
data/0608_samples.png	Thôn Tam Tảo xã Phú Lâm, Huyện Tiên Du, Bắc Ninh
data/0609_samples.png	495 ấp Mới 2, Xã Mỹ Hạnh Nam, Huyện Đức Hoà, Long An
data/0610_samples.png	Thôn Vĩnh Hưng, Huyện Tuy Phong, Bình Thuận
data/0611_samples.png	11 Phạm Hùng, Phường Hoà Xuân, Quận Cẩm Lệ, Đà Nẵng
data/0612_samples.png	Khu 3, Thị Trấn Gia Ray, Huyện Xuân Lộc, Đồng Nai
data/0613_samples.png	94/36 Tân Hương, Phường Tân Quý, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0614_samples.png	Số 91 phố Hàng Chiếu, Phường Đồng Xuân, Quận Hoàn Kiếm, Hà Nội
data/0615_samples.png	15 Phan Văn TriÊ, Phường 7, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0616_samples.png	286 Trần Hưng đạo, TT Bồng Sơn, Huyện Hoài Nhơn, Bình Định
data/0617_samples.png	Số 9 Phạm Sư Mạnh, Phường Tràng Tiền, Quận Hoàn Kiếm, Hà Nội
data/0618_samples.png	Số 98/75, ấp Sơn Long, Xã Sơn Định, Huyện Chợ Lách, Bến Tre
data/0619_samples.png	Thôn Trí Thuỷ, Xã Thủy Xuân Tiên, Huyện Chương Mỹ, Hà Nội
data/0620_samples.png	Số 37C, đường Bà Triệu, Phường 3, Thành Phố Bạc Liêu, Bạc Liêu
data/0621_samples.png	744 Lê Duẩn, Xã Chư á, Thành phố Pleiku, Gia Lai
data/0622_samples.png	20 Trần Cao Vân, Thành phố Tam Kỳ, Quảng Nam
data/0623_samples.png	235 Nguyễn Văn Cừ, Phường Nguyễn Cư Trinh, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0624_samples.png	Số 1D Lê Lai, Phường Máy Tơ, Quận Ngô Quyền, Hải Phòng
data/0625_samples.png	Số 56, Khu A, Thị trấn Hậu Nghĩa, Huyện Đức Hoà, Long An
data/0626_samples.png	Tổ 8, Khối Độc Lập, Phường Vạn Phúc, Quận Hà Đông, Hà Nội
data/0627_samples.png	Số 56, phố Đông Các, Phường Ô Chợ Dừa, Quận Đống Đa, Hà Nội
data/0628_samples.png	76 Thành Thái, Phường Khuê Trung, Quận Cẩm Lệ, Đà Nẵng
data/0629_samples.png	315 Nam Kỳ Khởi Nghĩa, Phường 07, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0630_samples.png	Số 97 ấp 2, Xã Vĩnh Lộc B, Huyện Bình Chánh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0631_samples.png	511/15 Trường Chinh, Phường 14, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0632_samples.png	Số 10/75 Kiều Sơn, Phường Đằng Lâm, Quận Hải An, Hải Phòng
data/0633_samples.png	Thôn An Thái, Xã An Vĩ, Huyện Khoái Châu, Hưng Yên
data/0634_samples.png	Số 4 dãy B4 khu phố 6, Phường La Khê, Quận Hà Đông, Hà Nội
data/0635_samples.png	Tổ 11C, Khu 4A, Phường Hùng Thắng, Thành phố Hạ Long, Quảng Ninh
data/0636_samples.png	Thôn Thanh Lương, Xã Quang Thịnh, Huyện Lạng Giang, Bắc Giang
data/0637_samples.png	Số 404, ấp Phước Tiên, Xã Thông Bình, Huyện Tân Hồng, Đồng Tháp
data/0638_samples.png	Tổ 8, Thị trấn Điện Biên Đông, Huyện Điện Biên Đông, Điện Biên
data/0639_samples.png	Số 66, Tổ 1, ấp Vĩnh Tiến, Xã Vĩnh Hoà, Huyện Phú Giáo, Bình Dương
data/0640_samples.png	Tổ 6, Đường 787, ấp Hòa Hưng, Xã An Hòa, Huyện Trảng Bàng, Tây Ninh
data/0641_samples.png	Số 108 Trần phú, Phường Văn mỗ,, Quận Hà Đông, Hà Nội
data/0642_samples.png	Thôn 5, xã Tam Trà, Huyện Núi Thành, Quảng Nam
data/0643_samples.png	Khu 7, Huyện Mường Tè, Lai Châu
data/0644_samples.png	2111, ấp Quảng Lộc, Xã Quảng Tiến, Huyện Trảng Bom, Đồng Nai
data/0645_samples.png	ấp 2, Xã Bàu Cạn, Huyện Long Thành, Đồng Nai
data/0646_samples.png	47/12A Hòa Bình, Phường Tân Thới Hoà, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0647_samples.png	Thị trấn Đại Nghĩa, Thị trấn Đại Nghĩa, Huyện Mỹ Đức, Hà Nội
data/0648_samples.png	33 Trừ Văn Thố, Phường Hoà Thọ Đông, Quận Cẩm Lệ, Đà Nẵng
data/0649_samples.png	Khu 16, Thị trấn Thịnh Long, Huyện Hải Hậu, Nam Định
data/0650_samples.png	106 Thái Thịnh, Quận Đống đa, Hà Nội
data/0651_samples.png	Số 36, Triều Việt Vương, Phường 4, Thành phố Đà Lạt, Lâm Đồng
data/0652_samples.png	357 Huỳnh Ngọc Huệ, Phường Hoà Khê, Quận Thanh Khê, Đà Nẵng
data/0653_samples.png	90/3 Cao Văn Ngọc, Phường Phú Trung, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0654_samples.png	Thôn Thái Hòa, Xã Bình Phú, Huyện Thạch Thất, Hà Nội
data/0655_samples.png	281/54/10 Lê Văn Sỹ, Phường 1, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0656_samples.png	Thôn Văn Quỳ, Xã Văn Tiến, Thành phố Yên Bái, Yên Bái
data/0657_samples.png	Xóm 3, Thôn Cầu, Xã Minh Đức, Huyện ứng Hoà, Hà Nội
data/0658_samples.png	13/11 Yên Thế, Phường 2, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0659_samples.png	Bản Nà Lốc, Xã Sốp Cộp, Huyện Sốp Cộp, Sơn La
data/0660_samples.png	32/14 Phạm Huy Thông, Phường 7, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0661_samples.png	Xã Lộc Ngãi, Huyện Bảo Lâm, Lâm Đồng
data/0662_samples.png	482/11/14A Nơ Trang Long, Phường 13, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0663_samples.png	Xóm 6, Xã Mỹ Đồng, Huyện Thuỷ Nguyên, Hải Phòng
data/0664_samples.png	Xóm Cõi, Xã Thanh Cao, Huyện Thanh Oai, Hà Nội
data/0665_samples.png	Số 49, xóm 3 Đông Ngạc, Phường Đông Ngạc, Quận Bắc Từ Liêm, Hà Nội
data/0666_samples.png	Số 256, Võ Thị Sáu, Khu phố 5, Phường 4, Thành phố Tây Ninh, Tây Ninh
data/0667_samples.png	183 Hùng Vương, Phường Cam Lợi, Thành phố Cam Ranh, Khánh Hòa
data/0668_samples.png	Cảng Hới, Phường Quảng Tiến, Thị Xã Sầm Sơn, Thanh Hoá
data/0669_samples.png	Thôn Ngọ Xá, Xã Châu Minh, Huyện Hiệp Hoà, Bắc Giang
data/0670_samples.png	Thôn đức thành, xã xích thổ, Huyện Nho Quan, Ninh Bình
data/0671_samples.png	197 Đinh Bộ Lĩnh, Phường 26, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0672_samples.png	Tổ 10B, Phường Tân Lập, Thành Phố Thái Nguyên, Thái Nguyên
data/0673_samples.png	Khu 7, Thị Trấn ái Nghĩa, Huyện Đại Lộc, Quảng Nam
data/0674_samples.png	Số 5, Phan Như Thạch, Phường 1, Thành phố Đà Lạt, Lâm Đồng
data/0675_samples.png	94/9/1 Đường D3, Phường 25, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0676_samples.png	2A Cư Xã Phúc Hải, Phường Tân Phong, Thành phố Biên Hoà, Đồng Nai
data/0677_samples.png	Xóm 7, Xã ứng Hoè, Huyện Ninh Giang, Hải Dương
data/0678_samples.png	Tổ 1, ấp Vĩnh Khánh II, Xã Vĩnh Xuân, Huyện Trà Ôn, Vĩnh Long
data/0679_samples.png	Xóm Nam Hoà, Xã Xuất Hóa, Huyện Lạc Sơn, Hòa Bình
data/0680_samples.png	63 Tân Hải, Phường 13, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0681_samples.png	Số thửa 16, ấp Vĩnh Hòa, Xã An Vĩnh Ngãi, Thành phố Tân An, Long An
data/0682_samples.png	Số 40 Phạm Hữu Lầu, Phường Phú Mỹ, Quận 7, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0683_samples.png	Đội 3, Thôn Đạm Nội, Xã Tiền Châu, Thị xã Phúc Yên, Vĩnh Phúc
data/0684_samples.png	342 Đường D3, Phường 25, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0685_samples.png	466A Xô Viết Nghệ Tĩnh, Phường 25, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0686_samples.png	332/44A Phan Văn Trị, Phường 11, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0687_samples.png	Số 1A Đường 831, Thị trấn Vĩnh Hưng, Huyện Vĩnh Hưng, Long An
data/0688_samples.png	11/300 đường Nguyễn Minh Trường, Phường 3, Thành Phố Tân An, Long An
data/0689_samples.png	Tổ 3, Thị trấn Hà Lam, Huyện Thăng Bình, Quảng Nam
data/0690_samples.png	1/1 Trường Chinh, Phường Tây Thạnh, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0691_samples.png	Thôn Đình Bằng, Xã Mỹ Bằng, Huyện Yên Sơn, Tuyên Quang
data/0692_samples.png	502/7C Hưng Phú, Phường 9, Quận 8, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0693_samples.png	Thôn Tân Đảo, Xã Ninh ích, Thị xã Ninh Hoà, Khánh Hòa
data/0694_samples.png	555C Trường Chinh, Phường An Khê, Quận Thanh Khê, Đà Nẵng
data/0695_samples.png	Số 31 Phương Lưu, Phường Vạn Mỹ, Quận Ngô Quyền, Hải Phòng
data/0696_samples.png	SN 24 ấp Hòa Bình, Xã Túc Trưng, Huyện Định Quán, Đồng Nai
data/0697_samples.png	UBND xã Cẩm Lộc, Huyện Cẩm Xuyên, Hà Tĩnh
data/0698_samples.png	Thường Thới Tiền, Huyện Hồng Ngự, Đồng Tháp
data/0699_samples.png	SN 175 khu phố 3, Thị trấn Vân Du, Huyện Thạch Thành, Thanh Hoá
data/0700_samples.png	Dạ Trạch, Huyện Khoái Châu, Hưng Yên
data/0701_samples.png	TDP 6, Huyện Điện Biên, Điện Biên
data/0702_samples.png	ấp Gò Dưa, Xã Bình Hiệp, Thị Xã Kiến Tường, Long An
data/0703_samples.png	Số 40 đường Lê Hồng Phong, Phường Hà Cầu, Quận Hà Đông, Hà Nội
data/0704_samples.png	Khu phố Trịnh Xá, Phường Châu Khê, Thị Xã Từ Sơn, Bắc Ninh
data/0705_samples.png	Xã Minh Bảo, Xã Minh Bảo, Thành Phố Yên Bái, Yên Bái
data/0706_samples.png	TDP Bãi Giếng Bắc, Thị trấn Cam Đức, Huyện Cam Lâm, Khánh Hòa
data/0707_samples.png	Lô 49 đường Trần Cừ, Quận Thanh Khê, Đà Nẵng
data/0708_samples.png	163 Hai Bà Trưng, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0709_samples.png	235 Đồng Khởi, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0710_samples.png	45/311G Phan Huy ích, Phường 12, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0711_samples.png	Tổ 11c, khu 4A, Phường Hùng Thắng, Thành phố Hạ Long, Quảng Ninh
data/0712_samples.png	48/38 Nguyễn Háo Vĩnh, Phường Tân Quý, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0713_samples.png	Đường Lý Thường Kiệt, Thị trấn Mộc Hóa, Huyện Mộc Hoá, Long An
data/0714_samples.png	Số 04 Nguyễn Văn Trỗi, Phường Ngô Mây, Thành phố Quy Nhơn, Bình Định
data/0715_samples.png	121 Lê Niệm, Phường Phú Thạnh, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0716_samples.png	74 Ngô Gia Tự, Phường Phước Tiến, Thành phố Nha Trang, Khánh Hòa
data/0717_samples.png	ấp 3, Thị Trấn Ngã Năm, Thị Xã Ngã Năm, Sóc Trăng
data/0718_samples.png	Xã Đại Thịnh, Xã Đại Thịnh, Huyện Mê Linh, Hà Nội
data/0719_samples.png	C15/10A Tổ 11, ấp 3A, Xã Vĩnh Lộc A, Huyện Bình Chánh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0720_samples.png	Cốc Pài, Thị trấn Cốc Pài, Huyện Xín Mần, Hà Giang
data/0721_samples.png	348 Nguyễn Văn Quá, phường Đông Hưng Thuận, Quận 12, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0722_samples.png	ấp Xoài Thum, Xã Ngãi Xuyên, Huyện Trà Cú, Trà Vinh
data/0723_samples.png	Khóm Tân Đông B, Thị trấn Thanh Bình, Huyện Thanh Bình, Đồng Tháp
data/0724_samples.png	Thôn Tân Xuyên, Xã Tân Hợp, Huyện Hướng Hoá, Quảng Trị
data/0725_samples.png	Số nhà 065A, Phường Đức Xuân, Thị Xã Bắc Cạn, Bắc Cạn
data/0726_samples.png	127 đường số 5, Phường Phước Bình, Quận 9, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0727_samples.png	Đường ĐT 741, ấp Minh Tân, Xã Tân Tiến, Huyện Đồng Phú, Bình Phước
data/0728_samples.png	Thôn Phú Lâm Tây, Xã Hành Thiện, Huyện Nghĩa Hành, Quảng Ngãi
data/0729_samples.png	38A Lê Hồng Phong, Thành phố Nha Trang, Khánh Hòa
data/0730_samples.png	411 Trần Hưng Đạo B, Phường 14, Quận 5, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0731_samples.png	Tổ 49, khu 11, Phường Thanh Miếu, Thành Phố Việt Trì, Phú Thọ
data/0732_samples.png	39 Đường số 9, Phường 11, Quận 6, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0733_samples.png	32 Trần Ngọc Diện, Phường Thảo Điền, Quận 2, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0734_samples.png	144 Đường 41 Phú Định, Phường 16, Quận 8, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0735_samples.png	Thôn Thịnh Văn 2, Thị trấn Vân Canh, Huyện Vân Canh, Bình Định
data/0736_samples.png	Số 46/1 đường Cổ Loa, Phường 2, Thành phố Đà Lạt, Lâm Đồng
data/0737_samples.png	Khối phố 5, Phường Trường Xuân, Thành Phố Tam Kỳ, Quảng Nam
data/0738_samples.png	Tổ 15, Khu 13, Xã Long Đức, Huyện Long Thành, Đồng Nai
data/0739_samples.png	33/2 Cao Lỗ, Phường 4, Quận 8, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0740_samples.png	46/4 Lý Thường Kiệt, Thị Trấn Hóc Môn, Huyện Hóc Môn, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0741_samples.png	Thôn Đồng Côi, thị trấn Nam Giang, Huyện Nam Trực, Nam Định
data/0742_samples.png	ấp Hưng 1, xã Trung Hưng, Huyện Cờ Đỏ, Cần Thơ
data/0743_samples.png	149 Trần Phú, Phường Phước Vĩnh, Thành phố Huế, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/0744_samples.png	Trung tâm Mường Nhé, Huyện Mường Nhé, Điện Biên
data/0745_samples.png	Khu Hòa Sơn, Thị trấn Chúc Sơn, Huyện Chương Mỹ, Hà Nội
data/0746_samples.png	Thôn Tân Yên, Xã Ealy, Huyện Sông Hinh, Phú Yên
data/0747_samples.png	Số 60 phố Bắc Sơn, Phường An Hoạch, Thành phố Thanh Hoá, Thanh Hoá
data/0748_samples.png	536/32/17/7 âu Cơ, Phường 10, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0749_samples.png	150 Phố Vọng, Phường Phương Liệt, Quận Thanh Xuân, Hà Nội
data/0750_samples.png	Đại Bình, Hoà Quang Nam, Huyện Phú Hoà, Phú Yên
data/0751_samples.png	Vinh Quang Hạ, Xã Gio Quang, Huyện Gio Linh, Quảng Trị
data/0752_samples.png	126/3 Năm Châu, Phường 12, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0753_samples.png	Tổ 36, khu Bờ Me, Thị trấn Phong Châu, Huyện Phù Ninh, Phú Thọ
data/0754_samples.png	40 Đề Thám, Phường Cô Giang, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0755_samples.png	319-B4 Lý Thường Kiệt, Phường 15, Quận 11, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0756_samples.png	388F27, Khu vực 2, Tổ 3, Phường An Khánh, Quận Ninh Kiều, Cần Thơ
data/0757_samples.png	Tầng G- CT4-1502- Số 1 Tô Hiệu, Phường Hà Cầu, Quận Hà Đông, Hà Nội
data/0758_samples.png	28A Yersin, Phường Vạn Thắng, Thành Phố Nha Trang, Khánh Hòa
data/0759_samples.png	Thôn Trung, Xã Cao Viên, Huyện Thanh Oai, Hà Nội
data/0760_samples.png	23/34 đường 16, Phường 4, Quận 8, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0761_samples.png	Xã Chương Dương, Huyện Đông Hưng, Thái Bình
data/0762_samples.png	Số 40/32 Nguyễn Tất Thành, Phường Tự An, TP.Buôn Ma Thuột, Đắc Lắc
data/0763_samples.png	462-464 An Dương Vương, Phường 04, Quận 5, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0764_samples.png	Thôn Thạch Bình Thị Trấn Sịa, Huyện Quảng Điền, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/0765_samples.png	Tổ 11A, ấp Đông Thành, Tân Đông Hiệp, Tx Dĩ An, Bình Dương
data/0766_samples.png	140A Phạm Nhữ Tăng, Phường Hoà Khê, Quận Thanh Khê, Đà Nẵng
data/0767_samples.png	Thôn tiến Hòa, Xã Yên Hồ, Huyện Đức Thọ, Hà Tĩnh
data/0768_samples.png	136 Nguyễn Văn Công, Phường 3, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0769_samples.png	ấp 2, Xã Thường Thới Hậu B, Huyện Hồng Ngự, Đồng Tháp
data/0770_samples.png	ấp Bình Lâm, xã Lộc An, Xã Lộc An, Huyện Long Thành, Đồng Nai
data/0771_samples.png	75B Nguyễn thị minh Khai, Tân Lập, Thành Phố Nha Trang, Khánh Hòa
data/0772_samples.png	90/3 Nguyễn Du, Phường 7, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0773_samples.png	Số 4, ngõ 155 Cầu Giấy, Phường Quan Hoa, Quận Cầu Giấy, Hà Nội
data/0774_samples.png	Đường Ngô Quyền, Phường Quang Trung, Thành phố Phủ Lý, Hà Nam
data/0775_samples.png	Đường Chu Văn An, Tổ 2, Phường Quyết Tâm, Tp. Sơn La, Sơn La
data/0776_samples.png	KP3 Tỉnh Lộ 16, phường Tân Thới Hiệp, Quận 12, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0777_samples.png	169 Nguyễn Văn Thoại, Phường An Hải Đông, Quận Sơn Trà, Đà Nẵng
data/0778_samples.png	56/7C Nguyễn Thông, Phường 09, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0779_samples.png	Số 54A/8, Khu phố Đông Nhì, Phường Lái Thiêu, Tx Thuận An, Bình Dương
data/0780_samples.png	Lô I-8-3, Đường D8, Phường Long Thạnh Mỹ, Quận 9, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0781_samples.png	Xã Nghĩa Sơn, Huyện Nghĩa Đàn, Nghệ An
data/0782_samples.png	Số 454, đường Lạc Long Quân, Phường Nhật Tân, Quận Tây Hồ, Hà Nội
data/0783_samples.png	3/38/23 Thành Thái, Phường 14, Quận 10, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0784_samples.png	Số 13C, Khu dân cư Nam Phương, Phường An Phú, Tx Thuận An, Bình Dương
data/0785_samples.png	KCN Bình Đường, TX Dĩ An, Bình Dương
data/0786_samples.png	435 Lê Duẩn, Quận Thanh Khê, Đà Nẵng
data/0787_samples.png	Xã Quỳnh Thọ, Huyện Quỳnh Lưu, Nghệ An
data/0788_samples.png	Số 08, Đường 30/4, Phường 1, Thành phố Mỹ Tho, Tiền Giang
data/0789_samples.png	9/22/8 Đường 898, Phường Phú Hữu, Quận 9, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0790_samples.png	77 Yersin, Phường Phương Sài, Thành phố Nha Trang, Khánh Hòa
data/0791_samples.png	Tòa nhà H2, 196 Hoàng Diệu, phường 08, Quận 4, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0792_samples.png	481 Trưng Nữ Vương, Phường Hoà Thuận Tây, Quận Hải Châu, Đà Nẵng
data/0793_samples.png	23B Khúc Thừa Dụ, Phường Phước Long, Thành Phố Nha Trang, Khánh Hòa
data/0794_samples.png	Nhà ông Cao Văn Huy, Xã Điền Lư, Huyện Bá Thước, Thanh Hoá
data/0795_samples.png	399 Lê Đức Thọ, Phường 17, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0796_samples.png	Số 72/1 Trương Quốc Dung, Phường 10, Quận Phú Nhuận, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0797_samples.png	Sông Trí, Thị xã Kỳ Anh, Hà Tĩnh
data/0798_samples.png	28 Đường 44, Phường Bình Trưng Đông, Quận 2, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0799_samples.png	32 Nguyễn Văn Quý, Phường Phú Thuận, Quận 7, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0800_samples.png	Số 28 Hải Thượng Lãn ông, Phường 5, Thành Phố Đông Hà, Quảng Trị
data/0801_samples.png	Số 696/13, Khu phố Tân Phước, Phường Tân Bình, TX Dĩ An, Bình Dương
data/0802_samples.png	Thôn Đồng Tỉnh, Xã Nghĩa Trụ, Huyện Văn Giang, Hưng Yên
data/0803_samples.png	Thôn Phú Long 3, Xã Bình Phước, Huyện Bình Sơn, Quảng Ngãi
data/0804_samples.png	Tổ 23, Phường 2, Thành phố Bảo Lộc, Lâm Đồng
data/0805_samples.png	Tổ 21, Phường Quảng Phú, Thành Phố Quảng Ngãi, Quảng Ngãi
data/0806_samples.png	3 Tăng Bạt Hổ, Phường 12, Quận 5, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0807_samples.png	Xã Pi toong, Xã Pi Toong, Huyện Mường La, Sơn La
data/0808_samples.png	Số 140A Lê Lai, Phường Máy Chai, Quận Ngô Quyền, Hải Phòng
data/0809_samples.png	Số 106 phố Văn La, Phường Phú La, Quận Hà Đông, Hà Nội
data/0810_samples.png	Số 7, ngõ 47 Phố Đức Giang, Phường Đức Giang, Quận Long Biên, Hà Nội
data/0811_samples.png	Tổ 8, ấp Thạnh Phú, Xã Khánh An, Huyện An Phú, An Giang
data/0812_samples.png	ấp An Lợi, Xã An Bình A, Thị xã Hồng Ngự, Đồng Tháp
data/0813_samples.png	66 Phạm Văn Đồng, Phường 3, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0814_samples.png	88-90 Bạch Vân, Phường 05, Quận 5, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0815_samples.png	Số 71 phố Lãn ông, Phường Hàng Bồ, Quận Hoàn Kiếm, Hà Nội
data/0816_samples.png	540 Lê Hồng Phong, Phường 10, Quận 10, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0817_samples.png	148 Nguyễn Trãi, Phường Bến Thành, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0818_samples.png	Số 215, đường Hoàng Quốc Việt, Phường Nghĩa Đô, Quận Cầu Giấy, Hà Nội
data/0819_samples.png	Xóm 10, Xã Xuân Vinh, Huyện Xuân Trường, Nam Định
data/0820_samples.png	Thôn Hợp Hòa, Xã Ia Drăng, Huyện Chư Prông, Gia Lai
data/0821_samples.png	951B ấp 1, Xã Đạo Thạnh, Thành Phố Mỹ Tho, Tiền Giang
data/0822_samples.png	Ô5, Khu B, Thị trấn Hậu Nghĩa, Huyện Đức Hoà, Long An
data/0823_samples.png	1441 khu 34 Song Mai, Thành Phố Bắc Giang, Bắc Giang
data/0824_samples.png	Số 71 phố Hàng Than, P. Nguyễn Trung Trực, Quận Ba Đình, Hà Nội
data/0825_samples.png	Thôn 3, Xã Nhân Cơ, Huyện Đắk R'Lấp, Đắk Nông
data/0826_samples.png	Xã Liên Minh, Xã Liên Minh, Huyện Võ Nhai, Thái Nguyên
data/0827_samples.png	Xóm 1, thôn Đại Mão, Xã Hoài Thượng, Huyện Thuận Thành, Bắc Ninh
data/0828_samples.png	Số 61A, Thị trấn Yên Mỹ, Huyện Yên Mỹ, Hưng Yên
data/0829_samples.png	Số 1/54 Đình Đông, Phường Đông Hải, Quận Lê Chân, Hải Phòng
data/0830_samples.png	KP Ninh Thịnh, Thị trấn Lộc Ninh, Huyện Lộc Ninh, Bình Phước
data/0831_samples.png	Số nhà 107 - C5, Phường Nghĩa Tân, Quận Cầu Giấy, Hà Nội
data/0832_samples.png	336/4 âu Cơ, Phường 10, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0833_samples.png	Số 62, Trần Nguyên Hãn, Phường 2, Thành phố Bảo Lộc, Lâm Đồng
data/0834_samples.png	Số 9, tổ dân phố Phú Thứ, Phường Tây Mỗ, Quận Nam Từ Liêm, Hà Nội
data/0835_samples.png	Khối 3, Thị trấn Núi Thành, Huyện Núi Thành, Quảng Nam
data/0836_samples.png	88 Đinh Điền, Phường 2, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0837_samples.png	04 N9 TT viện 108, Phường Vĩnh Tuy, Quận Hai Bà Trưng, Hà Nội
data/0838_samples.png	115 Nguyễn Huệ, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0839_samples.png	Lô A3 - A4 KCN Diên Phú, Xã Diên Phú, Huyện Diên Khánh, Khánh Hòa
data/0840_samples.png	Số 11 Lữ Gia, Phường 9, Thành phố Đà Lạt, Lâm Đồng
data/0841_samples.png	1E Bình Giã, Phường 13, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0842_samples.png	Thôn Văn Xá, Xã Nhị Khê, Huyện Thường Tín, Hà Nội
data/0843_samples.png	183 Tân Hương, Phường Tân Quý, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0844_samples.png	Thôn Phúc Lộc, Xã Châu Phong, Huyện Quế Võ, Bắc Ninh
data/0845_samples.png	Số 101 Nguyễn Ngọc Nại, Phường Khương Mai, Quận Thanh Xuân, Hà Nội
data/0846_samples.png	214 Đường Hoa Lan, Phường 02, Quận Phú Nhuận, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0847_samples.png	Lô J9, Huyện An Dương, Hải Phòng
data/0848_samples.png	số 11 Bis, đường Nguyễn Gia Thiều, Phường 06, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0849_samples.png	Thôn 9, Long Hà, Huyện Phú Riềng, Bình Phước
data/0850_samples.png	KP 1, Phường Phước Bình, Thị Xã Phước Long, Bình Phước
data/0851_samples.png	636, Xa Lộ Hà Nội, Phường Phước Long B, Quận 9, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0852_samples.png	Thôn 4, Huyện Tiên Phước, Quảng Nam
data/0853_samples.png	84 Hoàng Văn Thụ, Phường Phước Ninh, Quận Hải Châu, Đà Nẵng
data/0854_samples.png	Khu phố Bình Thiện, Phường Tân Thiện, Thị Xã Đồng Xoài, Bình Phước
data/0855_samples.png	Số 7 Tổ 1, P. Lương Khánh Thiện, Thành Phố Phủ Lý, Hà Nam
data/0856_samples.png	Thôn Rào Trù, Xã Trường Xuân, Huyện Quảng Ninh, Quảng Bình
data/0857_samples.png	Km 46, quốc lộ 5, Thị trấn Lai Cách, Huyện Cẩm Giàng, Hải Dương
data/0858_samples.png	Km 9 đường Quán Toan, Phường Quán Toan, Quận Hồng Bàng, Hải Phòng
data/0859_samples.png	518/21/27 Võ Văn Kiệt, Phường Cầu Kho, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0860_samples.png	58 Nguyễn Huy Tưởng, Phường Hoà Minh, Quận Liên Chiểu, Đà Nẵng
data/0861_samples.png	Xóm Trung Lập, thôn Phú Mỹ, Xã Ngọc Mỹ, Huyện Quốc Oai, Hà Nội
data/0862_samples.png	18/55, Kp 9, Phường Hố Nai, Thành phố Biên Hoà, Đồng Nai
data/0863_samples.png	172 ấp Bình Hưng, Xã Bình Phan, Huyện Chợ Gạo, Tiền Giang
data/0864_samples.png	Số nhà 12/4, Phường Tây Sơn, Thị Xã Tam Điệp, Ninh Bình
data/0865_samples.png	686/20 Cách Mạng Tháng Tám, Phường 5, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0866_samples.png	Thôn 3, Huyện Cát Tiên, Lâm Đồng
data/0867_samples.png	Số 18B Ma Trang Sơn, Phường 5, Thành phố Đà Lạt, Lâm Đồng
data/0868_samples.png	42 Nguyễn Thiện Thuật, Phường 02, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0869_samples.png	Thị Trấn Cao Thượng, Huyện Tân Yên, Bắc Giang
data/0870_samples.png	Thôn Cự Đà, Xã Hoằng Minh, Huyện Hoằng Hoá, Thanh Hoá
data/0871_samples.png	24/11/4A Lý Tự Trọng, Phường An Cư, Quận Ninh Kiều, Cần Thơ
data/0872_samples.png	Tổ dân phố Ngô Gia Khảm, Phường Châu Sơn, Thành phố Phủ Lý, Hà Nam
data/0873_samples.png	Số 37, ấp Chợ, Xã Phước Thiền, Huyện Nhơn Trạch, Đồng Nai
data/0874_samples.png	Số 48, ấp 3, Xã Phú Lập, Huyện Tân Phú, Đồng Nai
data/0875_samples.png	478A5 Điện Biên Phủ, Phường Thanh Khê Đông, Quận Thanh Khê, Đà Nẵng
data/0876_samples.png	Thôn Tự Thôn, Xã Nam Sơn, Thành Phố Bắc Ninh, Bắc Ninh
data/0877_samples.png	36 Hồ Tùng Mậu, Phường Hoà Minh, Quận Liên Chiểu, Đà Nẵng
data/0878_samples.png	Số 2/19, Khu phố Bình Hòa, Phường Lái Thiêu, TX Thuận An, Bình Dương
data/0879_samples.png	Thôn Cán Khê, Xã Nguyên Khê, Huyện Đông Anh, Hà Nội
data/0880_samples.png	88 Bành Văn Trân, Phường 7, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0881_samples.png	Km2,5 quốc lộ 39 A Lưu Trung, Xã Liêu Xá, Huyện Yên Mỹ, Hưng Yên
data/0882_samples.png	Thôn 4, Xã Minh Hóa, Huyện Minh Hoá, Quảng Bình
data/0883_samples.png	21/48 Vạn Kiếp, Phường 3, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0884_samples.png	ấp 2, Huyện Tân Thạnh, Long An
data/0885_samples.png	Xã Trà Phong, Huyện Tây Trà, Quảng Ngãi
data/0886_samples.png	Lô 06 đường Nhị Trưng, Phường Cẩm Phô, Thành Phố Hội An, Quảng Nam
data/0887_samples.png	27 Lý Thái Tổ, Phường An Hòa, Thành phố Huế, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/0888_samples.png	Số 424 Ngọc Thụy, tổ 18, Phường Ngọc Thuỵ, Quận Long Biên, Hà Nội
data/0889_samples.png	Số 57, Chính Kinh, Phường Nhân Chính, Quận Thanh Xuân, Hà Nội
data/0890_samples.png	Số 243/1/10 Tô Hiến Thành, Phường 13, Quận 10, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0891_samples.png	20 Đường số 27, Phường 6, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0892_samples.png	137/5 khu Y4, Phường An Phú, TX Thuận An, Bình Dương
data/0893_samples.png	1/10/32 Trần Bình Trọng, Phường 5, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0894_samples.png	Xã Thọ Lập, Huyện Thọ Xuân, Thanh Hoá
data/0895_samples.png	khu 8 thị trấn Phú Bài, Thị xã Hương Thuỷ, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/0896_samples.png	Tổ 11, Phường Tân Lập, Thành phố Thái Nguyên, Thái Nguyên
data/0897_samples.png	547 Đường Điện Biên Phủ, Phường 25, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0898_samples.png	Thôn 5, Xã Ia Le, Huyện Chư Pưh, Gia Lai
data/0899_samples.png	Số 127 Đông Thái, thị trấn Vĩnh Bảo, Huyện Vĩnh Bảo, Hải Phòng
data/0900_samples.png	50 Phan Chu Trinh, Phường Hải Châu I, Quận Hải Châu, Đà Nẵng
data/0901_samples.png	Thôn Hlil 2, Xã Ia Ma Rơn, Huyện IaPa, Gia Lai
data/0902_samples.png	Số 02 đường Trần Hưng Đạo, Phường 3, Thành Phố Đà Lạt, Lâm Đồng
data/0903_samples.png	Khu 5, xã Tiên Lương, Huyện Cẩm Khê, Phú Thọ
data/0904_samples.png	17 Hùng Vương, Thành phố Tam Kỳ, Quảng Nam
data/0905_samples.png	Xóm Đoàn Kết, thôn Đoàn Viên, Xã Cao Viên, Huyện Thanh Oai, Hà Nội
data/0906_samples.png	Số nhà 39 đường Nguyễn Giản Thanh, Phường 15, Quận 10, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0907_samples.png	Xã Tân Sơn, Huyện Tân Sơn, Phú Thọ
data/0908_samples.png	Số 72, xóm 6, thôn Giang Cao, xã Bát Tràng, Huyện Gia Lâm, Hà Nội
data/0909_samples.png	TK 07 Tông Lạnh, Xã Tông Lạnh, Huyện Thuận Châu, Sơn La
data/0910_samples.png	Số 27, LK 7 KĐT Văn Khê, Phường La Khê, Quận Hà Đông, Hà Nội
data/0911_samples.png	Tổ 20 Hòn Nghê, Xã Vĩnh Ngọc, Thành phố Nha Trang, Khánh Hòa
data/0912_samples.png	Thôn Khe Soong, Xã Phong Dụ, Huyện Tiên Yên, Quảng Ninh
data/0913_samples.png	103 Lê Văn Thọ, Phường 9, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0914_samples.png	Số 1/47 Phạm Hữu Điều, Phường Niệm Nghĩa, Quận Lê Chân, Hải Phòng
data/0915_samples.png	Số 16 đường Phạm Hùng, Phường Mỹ Đình 2, Quận Nam Từ Liêm, Hà Nội
data/0916_samples.png	Thôn Bối Khê, Xã Bãi Sậy, Huyện Ân Thi, Hưng Yên
data/0917_samples.png	Xóm Đoàn Kết, Xã Dương Liễu, Huyện Hoài Đức, Hà Nội
data/0918_samples.png	558 âu Cơ, Phường 10, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0919_samples.png	06 Phan Kế Bính, Phường Đa Kao, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0920_samples.png	Số 59 Hàng Cấp, Phường Quang Trung, Thành Phố Nam Định, Nam Định
data/0921_samples.png	Xóm 1 Đồng Nhân, Xã Đông La, Huyện Hoài Đức, Hà Nội
data/0922_samples.png	Nhà ông Nghinh, Thôn Bình Sơn, Xã Vũ Tây, Huyện Kiến Xương, Thái Bình
data/0923_samples.png	Số nhà 53, Ngõ 96 Phố Đại Từ, Phường Đại Kim, Quận Hoàng Mai, Hà Nội
data/0924_samples.png	1/20 Nguyễn Văn Dung, Phường 6, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0925_samples.png	Số 88, đường Xuân Diệu, Phường Tứ Liên, Quận Tây Hồ, Hà Nội
data/0926_samples.png	Thôn Hoa Trung, Xã Kỳ Hoa, Thị xã Kỳ Anh, Hà Tĩnh
data/0927_samples.png	Khu Phố 4, thị trấn Phước Dân, Huyện Ninh Phước, Ninh Thuận
data/0928_samples.png	Số 1 Cộng Hòa 3, Phường Tân Thành, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0929_samples.png	ấp Thạnh An, Xã Hòa Thạnh, Huyện Tam Bình, Vĩnh Long
data/0930_samples.png	Số 34J2, Đường DD7-1, Phường Tân Hưng Thuận, Quận 12, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0931_samples.png	216 Vành Đai Phi Trường, Phường An Thới, Quận Bình Thuỷ, Cần Thơ
data/0932_samples.png	3/3E ấp 2, Xã Xuân Thới Thượng, Huyện Hóc Môn, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0933_samples.png	Khu CN Đồng Văn, Thị Trấn Đồng Văn, Huyện Duy Tiên, Hà Nam
data/0934_samples.png	Số 226, phố Bạch Mai, Phường Cầu Dền, Quận Hai Bà Trưng, Hà Nội
data/0935_samples.png	Lô C 02 KCN Suối Dầu, Xã Suối Tân, Huyện Cam Lâm, Khánh Hòa
data/0936_samples.png	Xã Thượng Trưng, Xã Thượng Trưng, Huyện Vĩnh Tường, Vĩnh Phúc
data/0937_samples.png	Thôn Xuân Dục 2, Xã Xuân Ninh, Huyện Quảng Ninh, Quảng Bình
data/0938_samples.png	Khu 1 Thị trấn Tiên Lãng, Huyện Tiên Lãng, Hải Phòng
data/0939_samples.png	Đội 10, thôn Thượng Dương, Xã Nam Trung, Huyện Nam Sách, Hải Dương
data/0940_samples.png	Tổ 20, Phường Chánh Lộ, Thành Phố Quảng Ngãi, Quảng Ngãi
data/0941_samples.png	Số 10, phố Chùa Bộc, Phường Quang Trung, Quận Đống đa, Hà Nội
data/0942_samples.png	5/24/165 đường Cầu Giấy, Phường Quan Hoa, Quận Cầu Giấy, Hà Nội
data/0943_samples.png	Số 54, Bình Kiều 1, Phường Đông Hải 2, Quận Hải An, Hải Phòng
data/0944_samples.png	Thôn Nam Đồng, Xã Đồng Tiến, Huyện Cô Tô, Quảng Ninh
data/0945_samples.png	75/2 Chế Lan Viên, Phường Tây Thạnh, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0946_samples.png	Xã Hồng Khê, Huyện Bình Giang, Hải Dương
data/0947_samples.png	Số 6 Vũ Ngọc Phan, Phường Láng Hạ, Quận Đống đa, Hà Nội
data/0948_samples.png	440/59/24 Thống Nhất, Phường 16, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0949_samples.png	Tổ dân phố Tây Trinh, Phường Kỳ Trinh, Thị xã Kỳ Anh, Hà Tĩnh
data/0950_samples.png	Số 213/1, ấp Tân Lợi, Xã Phong Hòa, Huyện Lai Vung, Đồng Tháp
data/0951_samples.png	Thôn Hòa Đa Tây, Thị trấn Phú Đa, Huyện Phú Vang, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/0952_samples.png	71/23 Gò Xoài, Phường Bình Hưng Hòa A, Quận Bình Tân, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0953_samples.png	số 46 phố Tân ấp, phường Phúc Xá, Quận Ba Đình, Hà Nội
data/0954_samples.png	Khu I, thôn Đông Cao, Xã Tráng Việt, Huyện Mê Linh, Hà Nội
data/0955_samples.png	131 Đinh Tiên Hoàng, Phường 3, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0956_samples.png	Số nhà 22, đường Giang Văn Minh, Phường Kim Mã, Quận Ba Đình, Hà Nội
data/0957_samples.png	Khối 9, Thị trấn Tân Kỳ, Huyện Tân Kỳ, Nghệ An
data/0958_samples.png	Tổ 3, ấp Tân Trung, Xã Tà Đảnh, Huyện Tri Tôn, An Giang
data/0959_samples.png	Số 122B/2, KP.8B, Phường Tân Biên, Thành phố Biên Hoà, Đồng Nai
data/0960_samples.png	Thôn 6, Xã Cư M-Lan, Huyện Ea Súp, Đắc Lắc
data/0961_samples.png	Số 224, ấp 4, Xã Thạnh Đức, Huyện Bến Lức, Long An
data/0962_samples.png	Số 10 Trần Phú, Phường Máy Tơ, Quận Ngô Quyền, Hải Phòng
data/0963_samples.png	161, ấp 5, Xã Thạnh Phú Đông, Huyện Giồng Trôm, Bến Tre
data/0964_samples.png	Số 91 Nguyễn Khuyến, Phường Tân Lợi, TP.Buôn Ma Thuột, Đắc Lắc
data/0965_samples.png	18/9 Tổ 10, Khu phố 7, Thị Trấn Nhà Bè, Huyện Nhà Bè, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0966_samples.png	Số 126A Đô Lương, Phường 11, Thành Phố Vũng Tàu, Bà Rịa - Vũng Tàu
data/0967_samples.png	Số 1067 Trần Hưng Đạo, khu vực 5, Phường VII, Tp Vị Thanh, Hậu Giang
data/0968_samples.png	107/3/7 Ngô Chí Quốc, Phường Bình Chiểu, Quận Thủ Đức, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0969_samples.png	45 Lê Hoàng Phái, Phường 17, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0970_samples.png	Tổ 12 ngõ 27 Lê Lợi, Phường Máy Tơ, Quận Ngô Quyền, Hải Phòng
data/0971_samples.png	Số 6, TT8, khu đô thị Văn Phú, Phường Phú La, Quận Hà Đông, Hà Nội
data/0972_samples.png	205/20A, KP 2, Phường Tam Hiệp, Thành Phố Biên Hoà, Đồng Nai
data/0973_samples.png	ấp Lộ Xe, xã Vĩnh Lộc A, Xã Vĩnh Lộc A, Huyện Hồng Dân, Bạc Liêu
data/0974_samples.png	54 Hoàng Diệu, phường 12, Quận 4, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0975_samples.png	Tầng 5, số nhà 175, Phường Ba Đình, Thành phố Thanh Hoá, Thanh Hoá
data/0976_samples.png	101 phố Láng Hạ, phường Láng hạ, Phường Láng Hạ, Quận Đống đa, Hà Nội
data/0977_samples.png	Tổ 5, khu Trung Sơn, Phường Cẩm Sơn, Thành phố Cẩm Phả, Quảng Ninh
data/0978_samples.png	số 217 A, tổ 13 A, phường Thịnh Quang, Quận Đống Đa, Hà Nội
data/0979_samples.png	Thôn Hoàng Mai 3, Xã Hoàng Ninh, Huyện Việt Yên, Bắc Giang
data/0980_samples.png	Số 7A ngõ 690 Lạc Long Quân, Phường Nhật Tân, Quận Tây Hồ, Hà Nội
data/0981_samples.png	Số 506, đường Trương Định, Phường Tân Mai, Quận Hoàng Mai, Hà Nội
data/0982_samples.png	379 Lý Thường Kiệt, Phường Đồng Phú, Thành Phố Đồng Hới, Quảng Bình
data/0983_samples.png	Số 171 Đông Khê, Phường Đông Khê, Quận Ngô Quyền, Hải Phòng
data/0984_samples.png	125 đường số 7, khu phố 5, Phường An Phú, Quận 2, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0985_samples.png	Thôn 5 xã EaHmlay, Huyện M'ĐrắK, Đắc Lắc
data/0986_samples.png	Khau Luông, Xã Hoàng Tung, Huyện Hoà An, Cao Bằng
data/0987_samples.png	820/22B Lê Lợi P.03, Phường 3, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0988_samples.png	A8/7K13 ấp 1, Xã Vĩnh Lộc B, Huyện Bình Chánh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0989_samples.png	KCN 5 Nhơn Trạch, Huyện Nhơn Trạch, Đồng Nai
data/0990_samples.png	Số 79, tổ 6, KP 4, Phường Trảng Dài, Thành phố Biên Hoà, Đồng Nai
data/0991_samples.png	496/99/23 Dương Quảng Hàm, Phường 6, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/0992_samples.png	Xóm Đình, thôn 3 Phú ổ, Xã Bình Phú, Huyện Thạch Thất, Hà Nội
data/0993_samples.png	Tổ dân phố 6, Phường Ninh Hiệp, Thị xã Ninh Hoà, Khánh Hòa
data/0994_samples.png	Số 44 Hùng Vương, Thị trấn Đắk Hà, Huyện Đák Hà, Kon Tum
data/0995_samples.png	Số 14 Lô 5 Xi măng, Quận Hồng Bàng, Hải Phòng
data/0996_samples.png	Khu phố Phước Hậu 1, Phường 9, TP Tuy Hoà, Phú Yên
data/0997_samples.png	D1 Khu dân cư Mê Linh, Phường 9, Thành phố Đà Lạt, Lâm Đồng
data/0998_samples.png	Số 21 Duy Tân, Phường 4, TP Tuy Hoà, Phú Yên
data/0999_samples.png	Thôn Tư Giang, Xã Tân Dân, Thị xã Chí Linh, Hải Dương
data/1000_samples.png	Số 66/1, quốc lộ 61, Xã Tân Tiến, Tp Vị Thanh, Hậu Giang
data/1001_samples.png	36 Đặng Văn Ngữ, Thành phố Phan Thiết, Bình Thuận
data/1002_samples.png	Thị trấn Trần Cao, Thị trấn Trần Cao, Huyện Phù Cừ, Hưng Yên
data/1003_samples.png	Số 273 Tô Hiệu, Phường Nghĩa Tân, Quận Cầu Giấy, Hà Nội
data/1004_samples.png	ấp Trâm Vàng2, xã Thanh Phước, Huyện Gò Dầu, Tây Ninh
data/1005_samples.png	Thôn 9, Xã Đăk Ơ, Huyện Bù Gia Mập, Bình Phước
data/1006_samples.png	Thị trấn Kinh Môn, Huyện Kinh Môn, Hải Dương
data/1007_samples.png	Lý Tự Trọng, Huyện Diên Khánh, Khánh Hòa
data/1008_samples.png	Số 28 Hàng Chuối, Phường Phạm Đình Hổ, Quận Hai Bà Trưng, Hà Nội
data/1009_samples.png	53C Hồ Hảo Hớn, Phường Cô Giang, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1010_samples.png	51/18/116 Phạm Văn Chiêu, Phường 14, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1011_samples.png	84/14A Phạm Hùng, Xã Bình Hưng, Huyện Bình Chánh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1012_samples.png	Thôn Thống Nhất, Xã Tịnh ấn Tây, Thành phố Quảng Ngãi, Quảng Ngãi
data/1013_samples.png	KCN Long Thành, Huyện Long Thành, Đồng Nai
data/1014_samples.png	31 Đường số 34, Phường Bình Trị Đông B, Quận Bình Tân, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1015_samples.png	Số nhà 52, tỉnh lộ 5, thôn 2, Xã Cư êBur, Tp.buôn Ma Thuột, Đắc Lắc
data/1016_samples.png	Tổ dân phố 2, Lạc ý, Phường Đồng Tâm, Thành phố Vĩnh Yên, Vĩnh Phúc
data/1017_samples.png	Thôn Hạ Sở, Xã Hồng Sơn, Huyện Mỹ Đức, Hà Nội
data/1018_samples.png	Tổ 17, Phường Nghĩa Chánh, Thành phố Quảng Ngãi, Quảng Ngãi
data/1019_samples.png	40 Bà Huyện Thanh Quan, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1020_samples.png	ấp Hiệp Tâm 1, TTĐQ, Huyện Định Quán, Đồng Nai
data/1021_samples.png	50B Đường 47, Phường Bình Thuận, Quận 7, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1022_samples.png	Thôn 2, Xã Tân Phúc, Huyện Hàm Tân, Bình Thuận
data/1023_samples.png	Tổ 13, Khu 4, Phường Hùng Thắng, Thành phố Hạ Long, Quảng Ninh
data/1024_samples.png	36/1 ấp Hậu Lân, Xã Bà Điểm, Huyện Hóc Môn, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1025_samples.png	Xã Điền Quang, Huyện Bá Thước, Thanh Hoá
data/1026_samples.png	ấp Phú Giao, TT Ngãi Giao, Huyện Châu Đức, Bà Rịa - Vũng Tàu
data/1027_samples.png	Thôn Nhất hoà, xã gio Hoà, Huyện Gio Linh, Quảng Trị
data/1028_samples.png	Số 29 /27 đường Kiều Mai, Phường Phúc Diễn, Quận Bắc Từ Liêm, Hà Nội
data/1029_samples.png	Bình Thắng, Xã Bình Thắng, Huyện Bù Gia Mập, Bình Phước
data/1030_samples.png	Số 10 - Bùi Thị Xuân, Phường Đồng Mỹ, Thành Phố Đồng Hới, Quảng Bình
data/1031_samples.png	Số 9 Đường số 9, Khu phố 4, Phường Bình An, Quận 2, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1032_samples.png	Số 15 Trần Hưng Đạo, Phường Phan Chu Trinh, Quận Hoàn Kiếm, Hà Nội
data/1033_samples.png	87 đường 19/4, Phường Xuân An, Thành phố Phan Thiết, Bình Thuận
data/1034_samples.png	Hẻm 36/22 Lê Đại Hành, Phường Thống Nhất, Thành phố Pleiku, Gia Lai
data/1035_samples.png	14D, KP 1, Phường Bửu Long, Thành phố Biên Hoà, Đồng Nai
data/1036_samples.png	48/6 Hồ Biểu Chánh, Phường 11, Quận Phú Nhuận, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1037_samples.png	Thôn Văn Yên, Xã Ia Yok, Huyện Ia Grai, Gia Lai
data/1038_samples.png	Xóm 6 xã Sơn Bình, Huyện Hương Sơn, Hà Tĩnh
data/1039_samples.png	42-44, ấp Vĩnh Tiến, Thị Trấn Vĩnh Thạnh, Huyện Vĩnh Thạnh, Cần Thơ
data/1040_samples.png	9 Võ Văn Tần, Phường 06, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1041_samples.png	Số 124 Nguyễn Văn Trỗi, Thị trấn An Lão, Huyện An Lão, Hải Phòng
data/1042_samples.png	64/31 Nguyên Hồng, Phường 1, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1043_samples.png	Số 19, ngõ 100, phố Sài Đồng, Phường Sài Đồng, Quận Long Biên, Hà Nội
data/1044_samples.png	Làng Tờ Pôn 1, Xã Yang Nam, Huyện Kông Chro, Gia Lai
data/1045_samples.png	Thị Trấn Krông Kmar, Thị trấn Krông Kmar, Huyện Krông Bông, Đắc Lắc
data/1046_samples.png	Thôn Phạm Xá, Xã Ngọc Sơn, Huyện Tứ Kỳ, Hải Dương
data/1047_samples.png	08 tổ 1, ấp Đông Trung, Xã Tân Chánh, Huyện Cần Đước, Long An
data/1048_samples.png	ấp Chánh, Xã Đức Lập Hạ, Huyện Đức Hoà, Long An
data/1049_samples.png	165 Nguyễn Chí Thanh, Phường Hải Châu I, Quận Hải Châu, Đà Nẵng
data/1050_samples.png	228 Lê Duẩn, Quận Đống đa, Hà Nội
data/1051_samples.png	68 Đặng Dung, phường Thuận Thành, Thành phố Huế, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/1052_samples.png	256/70/34.Phan Huy ích, Phường 12, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1053_samples.png	Thôn Giã Bàng, Xã Tề Lỗ, Huyện Yên Lạc, Vĩnh Phúc
data/1054_samples.png	Lô CII.I, KCN Long Thành, Huyện Long Thành, Đồng Nai
data/1055_samples.png	Số 485/4 Nguyễn Kiệm, Phường 09, Quận Phú Nhuận, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1056_samples.png	23 Nguyễn Cửu Đàm, Phường Tân Sơn Nhì, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1057_samples.png	Nhà ông Lê Bá Vũ, đội 7, Xã Đông Anh, Huyện Đông Sơn, Thanh Hoá
data/1058_samples.png	295A Bùi Minh Trực, Phường 6, Quận 8, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1059_samples.png	Khu Vinh Phú, Thị trấn Hợp Hòa, Huyện Tam Dương, Vĩnh Phúc
data/1060_samples.png	Tiểu khu 15, thị trấn Thuận châu, Huyện Thuận Châu, Sơn La
data/1061_samples.png	Số 7, ngõ 1/178 phố Thái Hà, Phường Trung Liệt, Quận Đống đa, Hà Nội
data/1062_samples.png	05 Lê Mạnh Trinh, Phường Phước Mỹ, Quận Sơn Trà, Đà Nẵng
data/1063_samples.png	Số 57B Khu Lâm sản, Quận Hồng Bàng, Hải Phòng
data/1064_samples.png	Vinh Hưng, Huyện Phú Lộc, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/1065_samples.png	Xóm 6, Xã Ngũ Lão, Huyện Thuỷ Nguyên, Hải Phòng
data/1066_samples.png	Số 04 Lê Phụng Hiểu, Phường Lam Sơn, Thành Phố Thanh Hoá, Thanh Hoá
data/1067_samples.png	Nhà ông Nam, thôn Dũng Thượng, Xã Dũng Nghĩa, Huyện Vũ Thư, Thái Bình
data/1068_samples.png	Km 2, đường Văn Cao, Xã Lộc An, Thành phố Nam Định, Nam Định
data/1069_samples.png	1217 đường 30/4, Phường 11, Thành Phố Vũng Tàu, Bà Rịa - Vũng Tàu
data/1070_samples.png	Kim Châu, Phường Bình Định, Thị Xã An Nhơn, Bình Định
data/1071_samples.png	Tổ 6, thị trấn Yên Minh, Thị trấn Yên Minh, Huyện Yên Minh, Hà Giang
data/1072_samples.png	58/29 Tân Lập 1, Khu phố 3, Phường Hiệp Phú, Quận 9, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1073_samples.png	Thôn Non, Xã Thanh Lưu, Huyện Thanh Liêm, Hà Nam
data/1074_samples.png	Số 11/11A Nguyễn Thị Tươi, Phường Tân Bình, TX Dĩ An, Bình Dương
data/1075_samples.png	Số 200A, ấp Hoà An A, Xã Hòa Thuận, Huyện Giồng Riềng, Kiên Giang
data/1076_samples.png	Số 23 phố Phạm Hồng Thái, Phường Trúc Bạch, Quận Ba Đình, Hà Nội
data/1077_samples.png	Thôn Còn Đống, Huyện Đình Lập, Lạng Sơn
data/1078_samples.png	Số 10, ngách 406/66 âu Cơ, Phường Nhật Tân, Quận Tây Hồ, Hà Nội
data/1079_samples.png	ấp Ninh Phước Xã Lương An Trà, Huyện Tri Tôn, An Giang
data/1080_samples.png	121 Nguyễn Chí Thanh, Phường 09, Quận 5, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1081_samples.png	Tầng 2, số 28, đường Thanh Niên, Phường Yên Phụ, Quận Tây Hồ, Hà Nội
data/1082_samples.png	88A đường 25, khu phố 2, Phường Tân Quy, Quận 7, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1083_samples.png	291 Phạm Ngũ Lão, Phường Phạm Ngũ Lão, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1084_samples.png	Số 875 đường 23/10, Xã Vĩnh Thạnh, Thành Phố Nha Trang, Khánh Hòa
data/1085_samples.png	Số 10, đường Phổ Quang, Phường 2, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1086_samples.png	Tổ 4, ấp Xóm Gò, Xã Long Phước, Huyện Long Thành, Đồng Nai
data/1087_samples.png	Tổ 32 - Phố Kim Đồng, Phường Hợp Giang, Thành phố Cao Bằng, Cao Bằng
data/1088_samples.png	Xóm Tràng, Xã Thanh Liệt, Huyện Thanh Trì, Hà Nội
data/1089_samples.png	K231 Nguyễn Văn Thoại, Phường Phước Mỹ, Quận Sơn Trà, Đà Nẵng
data/1090_samples.png	384 Hoàng Diệu, phường 06, Quận 4, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1091_samples.png	Số nhà 2757, Tổ 15, Khu 6, Phường Vân Cơ, Thành phố Việt Trì, Phú Thọ
data/1092_samples.png	819/30 Nguyễn Kiệm, Phường 3, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1093_samples.png	04 Bà Triệu, Thành phố Phan Thiết, Bình Thuận
data/1094_samples.png	77/6 Hồ Thị Kỷ, Phường 01, Quận 10, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1095_samples.png	Xóm Gò Mu, Xã Thanh Lương, Huyện Lương Sơn, Hòa Bình
data/1096_samples.png	27 Bàu Tràm 2, Phường Khuê Trung, Quận Cẩm Lệ, Đà Nẵng
data/1097_samples.png	Số 21, Điện Biên Phủ, Phường Mỹ Phú, Thành phố Cao Lãnh, Đồng Tháp
data/1098_samples.png	39/38A Chánh Hưng, Phường 10, Quận 8, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1099_samples.png	168, Khóm 1, Phường Tân Thành, Thành phố Cà Mau, Cà Mau
data/1100_samples.png	188/7 Thành Thái, Phường 12, Quận 10, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1101_samples.png	Tổ 6 khu I, thị trấn Cát Bà, Huyện Cát Hải, Hải Phòng
data/1102_samples.png	127 Nguyễn Hội, Thành phố Phan Thiết, Bình Thuận
data/1103_samples.png	1007/77/13/1 Lạc Long Quân, Phường 11, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1104_samples.png	TT Tam sơn, Thị trấn Tam Sơn, Huyện Sông Lô, Vĩnh Phúc
data/1105_samples.png	đình, Thị trấn An Châu, Huyện Sơn Động, Bắc Giang
data/1106_samples.png	Xóm Minh Nghĩa, Xã Đồng Thái, Huyện Ba Vì, Hà Nội
data/1107_samples.png	16 - 18 Nguyễn Thị Định, Phường An Hải Bắc, Quận Sơn Trà, Đà Nẵng
data/1108_samples.png	3/1, tổ 1, KP 9, Phường Tam Hiệp, Thành Phố Biên Hoà, Đồng Nai
data/1109_samples.png	707 Hồng Bàng, Phường 06, Quận 6, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1110_samples.png	339 Cửa Đại, Phường Cẩm Châu, Thành Phố Hội An, Quảng Nam
data/1111_samples.png	Số nhà 44, tổ 2, khu 4, Xã Việt Hưng, Thành phố Hạ Long, Quảng Ninh
data/1112_samples.png	Hùng Vương, Khóm 1, Phường 1, Thành phố Sa Đéc, Đồng Tháp
data/1113_samples.png	Số nhà 42 Xuân Diệu, Phường Tân Lợi, TP.Buôn Ma Thuột, Đắc Lắc
data/1114_samples.png	B16/14, ấp 2, Xã Bình Chánh, Huyện Bình Chánh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1115_samples.png	15 Cây Keo, Phường Hiệp Tân, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1116_samples.png	271/7B An Dương Vương, Phường 03, Quận 5, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1117_samples.png	Thôn Tân Ninh, Xã Tân Dân, Huyện Sóc Sơn, Hà Nội
data/1118_samples.png	Thôn Ngãi Cầu, Xã An Khánh, Huyện Hoài Đức, Hà Nội
data/1119_samples.png	Khu công nghiệp Sông Đốc, Xã Phong Điền, Huyện Trần Văn Thời, Cà Mau
data/1120_samples.png	Tổ 8, Khu vực 2, Phường Thủy Xuân, Thành phố Huế, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/1121_samples.png	28 Mậu Thân, P.An Nghiệp, Phường An Nghiệp, Quận Ninh Kiều, Cần Thơ
data/1122_samples.png	Số 20/50 đường Hàm Nghi, Phường 1, Thành phố Đông Hà, Quảng Trị
data/1123_samples.png	Tổ 5, Phường Tân Phong, Thành Phố Lai Châu, Lai Châu
data/1124_samples.png	Số 64, KP 1, Quốc lộ 1, Phường Xuân Bình, Thị Xã Long Khánh, Đồng Nai
data/1125_samples.png	Xã Hồng phong, Huyện Vũ Thư, Thái Bình
data/1126_samples.png	65 Võ Như Hưng, Phường Mỹ An, Quận Ngũ Hành Sơn, Đà Nẵng
data/1127_samples.png	311 Điện Biên Phủ, Phường 04, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1128_samples.png	88/6 ấp Mỹ Hòa 1, Xã Trung Chánh, Huyện Hóc Môn, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1129_samples.png	139 Hoàng Hữu Nam, Phường Tân Phú, Quận 9, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1130_samples.png	Số 480 Đa Phúc, Phường Đa Phúc, Quận Dương Kinh, Hải Phòng
data/1131_samples.png	Quốc lộ 38 - thôn Chuông, Xã Duy Minh, Huyện Duy Tiên, Hà Nam
data/1132_samples.png	Hùng Vương, ấp Cầu Đồn, TT Huỳnh Hữu Nghĩa, Huyện Mỹ Tú, Sóc Trăng
data/1133_samples.png	316 Lê Văn Sỹ, Phường 1, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1134_samples.png	299 - đường Trần Đăng Ninh, Thành Phố Lạng Sơn, Lạng Sơn
data/1135_samples.png	268 Cao Lỗ, Phường 4, Quận 8, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1136_samples.png	Thôn Hữu Tân, Xã Tân Ninh, Huyện Quảng Ninh, Quảng Bình
data/1137_samples.png	Tổ dân phố số 9, Phường Đông Ngạc, Quận Bắc Từ Liêm, Hà Nội
data/1138_samples.png	26/24 Nguyễn Bỉnh Khiêm, Phường Đa Kao, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1139_samples.png	9/9 (644), quốc lộ 1A, P4, Phường 4, Thành Phố Tân An, Long An
data/1140_samples.png	Khu 5A, Huyện Giao Thuỷ, Nam Định
data/1141_samples.png	Thôn Thượng Giang, Xã Tây Giang, Huyện Tây Sơn, Bình Định
data/1142_samples.png	205 Điện Biên Phủ, Phường 15, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1143_samples.png	409 Tôn Đản, Phường Hoà An, Quận Cẩm Lệ, Đà Nẵng
data/1144_samples.png	59 Đường số 9, Cư xá Đài Ra Đa, Phường 13, Quận 6, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1145_samples.png	241 Điện Biên Phủ, Phường 06, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1146_samples.png	Thôn Công Hà, Xã Hà Mãn, Huyện Thuận Thành, Bắc Ninh
data/1147_samples.png	Lô D-4Q-CN, KCN Mỹ Phước 3, Thị Xã Bến Cát, Bình Dương
data/1148_samples.png	Số 57/22 Phú Lộc, Phường 6, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1149_samples.png	69/5E ấp Mỹ Hòa 1, Xã Trung Chánh, Huyện Hóc Môn, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1150_samples.png	249 Lương Định Của, Phường An Phú, Quận 2, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1151_samples.png	Lầu 2, 52 Trần Văn Danh, Phường 13, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1152_samples.png	Thôn Dân Chính, Xã Thiệu Chính, Huyện Thiệu Hoá, Thanh Hoá
data/1153_samples.png	Thôn Giới Tế (NR Ngô Văn Quảng), Xã Phú Lâm, Huyện Tiên Du, Bắc Ninh
data/1154_samples.png	Số 44/2, Khu phố Đông Chiêu, TX Dĩ An, Bình Dương
data/1155_samples.png	Số 243 A, Đê La Thành, Phường Láng Thượng, Quận Đống đa, Hà Nội
data/1156_samples.png	Tổ 22, Phường Pú Trạng, Thị xã Nghĩa Lộ, Yên Bái
data/1157_samples.png	Số 15D, ngách 37/27 tổ 32, Phường Dịch Vọng, Quận Cầu Giấy, Hà Nội
data/1158_samples.png	Lê hoá, Huyện Tuyên Hoá, Quảng Bình
data/1159_samples.png	Xóm 2 Chí Công, Huyện Tuy Phong, Bình Thuận
data/1160_samples.png	ấp Hóa Thành 1, Xã Đông Thành, Thị Xã Bình Minh, Vĩnh Long
data/1161_samples.png	Lô D5H CN KCN Mỹ Phước 3, Thị Xã Bến Cát, Bình Dương
data/1162_samples.png	Xóm Tự, Xã Đông Tân, Thành phố Thanh Hoá, Thanh Hoá
data/1163_samples.png	271 đường Đông Bắc, phường Tân Chánh Hiệp, Quận 12, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1164_samples.png	327 Đường 23/10, Phường Ngọc Hiệp, Thành phố Nha Trang, Khánh Hòa
data/1165_samples.png	Số 18 đường Tố Hữu, Phường Nhân Chính, Quận Thanh Xuân, Hà Nội
data/1166_samples.png	7A/31 Thành Thái, Phường 14, Quận 10, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1167_samples.png	05 Trần Anh Tông, Phường Trường An, Thành phố Huế, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/1168_samples.png	Số 10, phố Hàm Long, Phường Phan Chu Trinh, Quận Hoàn Kiếm, Hà Nội
data/1169_samples.png	487A/8 KV Bình Yên A, P Long Hòa, Quận Bình Thuỷ, Cần Thơ
data/1170_samples.png	Phường Mai Dịch, Quận Cầu Giấy, Hà Nội
data/1171_samples.png	TDP9, Thị trấn Ea Drăng, Huyện Ea H'leo, Đắc Lắc
data/1172_samples.png	111 Quang Trung, Phường 10, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1173_samples.png	Số 35-37-39, Nguyễn Huệ, Phường 1, Thành phố Cao Lãnh, Đồng Tháp
data/1174_samples.png	197 Đường D1, Phường 25, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1175_samples.png	Thôn Cát Dương, Xã Tống Phan, Huyện Phù Cừ, Hưng Yên
data/1176_samples.png	Thôn Yên Hòa, Xã Đa Lộc, Huyện Hậu Lộc, Thanh Hoá
data/1177_samples.png	Số 24 Đồng Tâm, Phường Đồng Hoà, Quận Kiến An, Hải Phòng
data/1178_samples.png	Km 948+600, Quốc lộ 1A, Xã Điện Thắng Bắc, Huyện Điện Bàn, Quảng Nam
data/1179_samples.png	100 Nguyễn Thị Minh Khai, Phường 06, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1180_samples.png	Đường Võ Văn Kiệt, Khóm 8, Phường 7, Thành phố Trà Vinh, Trà Vinh
data/1181_samples.png	Số 96, Phố Me, Thị trấn Me, Huyện Gia Viễn, Ninh Bình
data/1182_samples.png	157/1B Bùi Minh Trực, Phường 5, Quận 8, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1183_samples.png	Số 36/342 đường Khương Đình, Phường Hạ Đình, Quận Thanh Xuân, Hà Nội
data/1184_samples.png	42A/122 Khương Đình, Phường Hạ Đình, Quận Thanh Xuân, Hà Nội
data/1185_samples.png	354/66/1 Phan Văn Trị, Phường 11, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1186_samples.png	Số 106, Lê Lợi, Phường Hải Đình, Thành phố Đồng Hới, Quảng Bình
data/1187_samples.png	Số 52 Phan Kế Bính, Phường Cống Vị, Quận Ba Đình, Hà Nội
data/1188_samples.png	Số nhà 112, Phường Cao Thắng, Thành phố Hạ Long, Quảng Ninh
data/1189_samples.png	Số 29 Đường 320 Bông Sao, Phường 5, Quận 8, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1190_samples.png	Số 137 đường Phan Chu Trinh, Phường Đội Cung, Thành phố Vinh, Nghệ An
data/1191_samples.png	17/6A Phan Huy ích, Phường 14, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1192_samples.png	Thôn Minh Tân, Xã Quang Minh, Huyện Gia Lộc, Hải Dương
data/1193_samples.png	Thôn Kìm, xã Vũ Lạc,, Thành phố Thái Bình, Thái Bình
data/1194_samples.png	387 Đào Trí, Phường Phú Thuận, Quận 7, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1195_samples.png	40/25 Bùi Viện, Phường Phạm Ngũ Lão, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1196_samples.png	45 Đường Số 27 P.Tân Phong, Phường Tân Phong, Quận 7, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1197_samples.png	Thôn Yên Viên, Xã Vân Hà, Huyện Việt Yên, Bắc Giang
data/1198_samples.png	117 Nguyễn Trãi, Phường 02, Quận 5, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1199_samples.png	Tập thể Yên Ngưu, Thị trấn Văn Điển, Huyện Thanh Trì, Hà Nội
data/1200_samples.png	Thôn Phong Niên Thương, Xã Tịnh Phong, Huyện Sơn Tịnh, Quảng Ngãi
data/1201_samples.png	ấp 1, Xã Đức Hòa Đông, Huyện Đức Hoà, Long An
data/1202_samples.png	Khu đô thị Tp Lễ Hội, Phường Vĩnh Mỹ, Thành phố Châu Đốc, An Giang
data/1203_samples.png	Số 22 Đường Hoàng Đức Tương, Phường 4, Quận 11, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1204_samples.png	Số 57 đường Thế Lữ, Phường Hạ Lý, Quận Hồng Bàng, Hải Phòng
data/1205_samples.png	Xã Quảng Hùng, Huyện Quảng Xương, Thanh Hoá
data/1206_samples.png	vĩnh phúc, Huyện Bắc Quang, Hà Giang
data/1207_samples.png	số 47 ngõ 159 phố Pháo Đài Láng, P. Láng Thượng, Quận Đống Đa, Hà Nội
data/1208_samples.png	KP F6/15 ấp 6B, Xã Vĩnh Lộc A, Huyện Bình Chánh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1209_samples.png	Số 322 đường Giải Phóng, Phường Phương Liệt, Quận Thanh Xuân, Hà Nội
data/1210_samples.png	xã Quách Phẩm Bắc, Xã Quách Phẩm Bắc, Huyện Đầm Dơi, Cà Mau
data/1211_samples.png	Khu phố chợ, Thị trấn Liên Nghĩa, Huyện Đức Trọng, Lâm Đồng
data/1212_samples.png	Thôn Trung Thành, Xã Đông Động, Huyện Đông Hưng, Thái Bình
data/1213_samples.png	8A-8B Trần Triệu Luật, Phường 6, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1214_samples.png	ấp 2, Xã Tân Khai, Huyện Hớn Quản, Bình Phước
data/1215_samples.png	134 Bắc Hải, Phường 6, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1216_samples.png	Tổ dân phố 4, Thị trấn Đức Phổ, Huyện Đức Phổ, Quảng Ngãi
data/1217_samples.png	Khóm 6, Thị Trấn Sông Đốc, Huyện Trần Văn Thời, Cà Mau
data/1218_samples.png	Đường 838, ấp 1, Xã Mỹ Thạnh Bắc, Huyện Đức Huệ, Long An
data/1219_samples.png	Thôn Lai Xá, Xã Kim Chung, Huyện Hoài Đức, Hà Nội
data/1220_samples.png	Phước Chí A, Xã Bình Phước, Huyện Mang Thít, Vĩnh Long
data/1221_samples.png	375 Thuỵ Khuê, phường Bưởi, Quận Tây Hồ, Hà Nội
data/1222_samples.png	Số 156 Xã Đàn 2, Phường Nam Đồng, Quận Đống Đa, Hà Nội
data/1223_samples.png	Thôn Yên Trung, Xã Yên Bình, Huyện Quang Bình, Hà Giang
data/1224_samples.png	28/5E ấp Thới Tứ 1, Xã Thới Tam Thôn, Huyện Hóc Môn, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1225_samples.png	Lô 49-50 Phan Liêm, Phường Mỹ An, Quận Ngũ Hành Sơn, Đà Nẵng
data/1226_samples.png	745 Cách Mạng Tháng Tám, Phường 6, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1227_samples.png	Thôn Chánh Giáo, Xã Mỹ An, Huyện Phù Mỹ, Bình Định
data/1228_samples.png	Khu Ngư Uyên, Xã Long Xuyên, Huyện Kinh Môn, Hải Dương
data/1229_samples.png	Số 35, phố Yên Phụ, Phường Yên Phụ, Quận Tây Hồ, Hà Nội
data/1230_samples.png	Phố 26, phường Mường Thanh,, Tỉnh Điện Biên, Điện Biên
data/1231_samples.png	16A/8A Vũ Ngọc Phan, Phường 13, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1232_samples.png	A44 Nguyễn Trãi, Phường Nguyễn Cư Trinh, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1233_samples.png	193-203 Trần Hưng Đạo, Phường Cô Giang, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1234_samples.png	Tổ 2, Phường Ngọc Hà, TP Hà Giang, Hà Giang
data/1235_samples.png	Nhà FB02/61 Khu Biệt thự Bảo Sơn, Xã An Khánh, Huyện Hoài Đức, Hà Nội
data/1236_samples.png	TT Quán Hàu, Huyện Quảng Ninh, Quảng Bình
data/1237_samples.png	376 Vinh Trung, Xã Vang Quới Đông, Huyện Bình Đại, Bến Tre
data/1238_samples.png	95A Nguyễn Du, Thị trấn Ea Súp, Huyện Ea Súp, Đắc Lắc
data/1239_samples.png	Khu phố Hòa Lý, Thị trấn Cửa Tùng, Huyện Vĩnh Linh, Quảng Trị
data/1240_samples.png	Số 680, ấp Vàm Biển, Xã Lình Huỳnh, Huyện Hòn Đất, Kiên Giang
data/1241_samples.png	Số 1C tổ 23, Phường Khương Thượng, Quận Đống đa, Hà Nội
data/1242_samples.png	Khóm 7, Thị trấn Định An, Huyện Trà Cú, Trà Vinh
data/1243_samples.png	99 Hùng Vương, Quận Hải Châu, Đà Nẵng
data/1244_samples.png	28 Lê Thị Riêng, Xã Lộc Châu, Thành phố Bảo Lộc, Lâm Đồng
data/1245_samples.png	Xóm Chiền A, Xã Nam Dương, Huyện Nam Trực, Nam Định
data/1246_samples.png	Số 10, ngõ 46, đường Văn Cao, Phường Liễu Giai, Quận Ba Đình, Hà Nội
data/1247_samples.png	Số 459, phố Kim Ngưu, Phường Vĩnh Tuy, Quận Hai Bà Trưng, Hà Nội
data/1248_samples.png	1366 Kha Vạn Cân, Phường Linh Trung, Quận Thủ Đức, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1249_samples.png	Số nhà 70, Đường Đấu Mã, Phường Thị Cầu, Thành phố Bắc Ninh, Bắc Ninh
data/1250_samples.png	Mai Hạ, Xã Mai Đình, Huyện Hiệp Hoà, Bắc Giang
data/1251_samples.png	TDP Hưng Hòa, Phường Sông Trí, Thị xã Kỳ Anh, Hà Tĩnh
data/1252_samples.png	Số 21/8 phố Lý Nam Đế, Phường Hàng Mã, Quận Hoàn Kiếm, Hà Nội
data/1253_samples.png	An Hòa A, Xã Chánh An, Huyện Mang Thít, Vĩnh Long
data/1254_samples.png	Số 104, đường Hà Huy Tập, Thị trấn Yên Viên, Huyện Gia Lâm, Hà Nội
data/1255_samples.png	Số 6 ngõ 200 Đường 19/5, Phường Văn Quán, Quận Hà Đông, Hà Nội
data/1256_samples.png	Số 21/11, khu phố Thống Nhất 1, Phường Dĩ An, Tx Dĩ An, Bình Dương
data/1257_samples.png	3/27A QL22, Huyện Hóc Môn, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1258_samples.png	Khối 3, Phường Quỳnh Xuân, Thị xã Hoàng Mai, Nghệ An
data/1259_samples.png	Khu 7, Phường Hải Yên, Thành phố Móng cái, Quảng Ninh
data/1260_samples.png	Tổ 11, Thị trấn Sông Mã, Huyện Sông Mã, Sơn La
data/1261_samples.png	Xã Bình Minh, Huyện Nam Trực, Nam Định
data/1262_samples.png	Xóm Lâm Hoan, Xã Giao Phong, Huyện Giao Thuỷ, Nam Định
data/1263_samples.png	Số 118 Quốc lộ 1A, Khóm 3, Phường 10, Thành phố Sóc Trăng, Sóc Trăng
data/1264_samples.png	C7/30L3 ấp 4, Xã Bình Hưng, Huyện Bình Chánh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1265_samples.png	56 Yên Thế, Phường 2, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1266_samples.png	1071, quốc lộ 1, Phường Tân Khánh, Thành phố Tân An, Long An
data/1267_samples.png	Số 83 Thanh Lân, Phường Thanh Trì, Quận Hoàng Mai, Hà Nội
data/1268_samples.png	Khu 1, Xã Đại Đồng, Huyện Vĩnh Tường, Vĩnh Phúc
data/1269_samples.png	Khu I thị trấn Trạm Tấu, Huyện Trạm Tấu, Yên Bái
data/1270_samples.png	Số 2/7 Nguyễn Huỳnh Đức, Phường 2, Thành Phố Mỹ Tho, Tiền Giang
data/1271_samples.png	Số 171 Mai Hắc Đế, Phường Lê Đại Hành, Quận Hai Bà Trưng, Hà Nội
data/1272_samples.png	290/30/36 Nơ Trang Long, Phường 12, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1273_samples.png	Xóm 16 Thôn Tiên Mai, Xã Hương Sơn, Huyện Mỹ Đức, Hà Nội
data/1274_samples.png	133 Tôn Đức Thắng, Phường Hoà An, Quận Cẩm Lệ, Đà Nẵng
data/1275_samples.png	Số 98 Quốc lộ 13, Phường 26, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1276_samples.png	Số 40, phố 5/8, Phường Ka Long, Thành phố Móng cái, Quảng Ninh
data/1277_samples.png	1 Ngô Quyền, Thành phố Đà Lạt, Lâm Đồng
data/1278_samples.png	Thị trấn Cổ Lễ, Huyện Trực Ninh, Nam Định
data/1279_samples.png	Xóm yên Thịnh, Xã Nghi Xuân, Huyện Nghi Lộc, Nghệ An
data/1280_samples.png	Thôn Tân Phong, xã Hải Triều, Huyện Hải Hậu, Nam Định
data/1281_samples.png	Xã Long Giao, Huyện Cẩm Mỹ, Đồng Nai
data/1282_samples.png	Thôn Tiền Phong, Xã Hải Hòa, Huyện Tĩnh Gia, Thanh Hoá
data/1283_samples.png	732 Sư Van Hạnh (nối dài), Phường 12, Quận 10, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1284_samples.png	Số 151 Lê Lai, Phường Máy Chai, Quận Ngô Quyền, Hải Phòng
data/1285_samples.png	852 Cách Mạng Tháng Tám, Phường 5, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1286_samples.png	Thôn Nguyễn, Xã Thanh Hương, Huyện Thanh Liêm, Hà Nam
data/1287_samples.png	272/1 Nguyễn Xí, Phường 13, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1288_samples.png	ấp Hòa Đông, Xã Đông Hòa, Huyện An Minh, Kiên Giang
data/1289_samples.png	Số 56 đường Hai Bà Trưng, Phường 6, Thành phố Đà Lạt, Lâm Đồng
data/1290_samples.png	165/22 Vườn Lài, Phường Phú Thọ Hoà, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1291_samples.png	Số 01, ấp An Phú, Xã Hội An, Huyện Chợ Mới, An Giang
data/1292_samples.png	Số 3, tổ 8, KP4, Phường Trảng Dài, Thành Phố Biên Hoà, Đồng Nai
data/1293_samples.png	54A1 đường 3/2, Phường Xuân Khánh, Quận Ninh Kiều, Cần Thơ
data/1294_samples.png	517 kha Vạn Cân, Phường Linh Đông, Quận Thủ Đức, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1295_samples.png	Thôn 8, Xã Hưng Khánh, Huyện Trấn Yên, Yên Bái
data/1296_samples.png	số 213 Ngô Gia Tự, Phường Bình Định, Thị Xã An Nhơn, Bình Định
data/1297_samples.png	ấp Hải Sơn, xã Phước Hưng, Huyện Long Điền, Bà Rịa - Vũng Tàu
data/1298_samples.png	9A-9B Phan Chu Trinh, Phường Phan Chu Trinh, Quận Hoàn Kiếm, Hà Nội
data/1299_samples.png	Nguyễn Tri Phương, Phường Nam Lý, Thành Phố Đồng Hới, Quảng Bình
data/1300_samples.png	Thôn Gia Lâm, Xã Lệ Chi, Huyện Gia Lâm, Hà Nội
data/1301_samples.png	140/39 Nguyễn Lương Bằng, Xã Hòa Thắng, TP.Buôn Ma Thuột, Đắc Lắc
data/1302_samples.png	23 Lê Thị Riêng, Phường Bến Thành, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1303_samples.png	169K1B, Phường Phú Diễn, Quận Bắc Từ Liêm, Hà Nội
data/1304_samples.png	Ngọc Sơn, Xã Ninh An, Thị xã Ninh Hoà, Khánh Hòa
data/1305_samples.png	48 Đồng Khởi, thôn Trung 1, Xã Diên Điền, Huyện Diên Khánh, Khánh Hòa
data/1306_samples.png	34 601 Lê Duẩn, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1307_samples.png	F1/57K ấp 6, Xã Vĩnh Lộc A, Huyện Bình Chánh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1308_samples.png	102 Phan Văn Hớn, phường Tân Thới Nhất, Quận 12, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1309_samples.png	757/68/8 ĐLBD, âP CHáNH LộC, Thành Phố Thủ Dầu Một, Bình Dương
data/1310_samples.png	233 Đường Số 6, Phường 7, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1311_samples.png	128 Đoàn Hữu Trưng, Phường Hoà An, Quận Cẩm Lệ, Đà Nẵng
data/1312_samples.png	Số 48A Lý Chiến Thắng, Phường Tân An, TP.Buôn Ma Thuột, Đắc Lắc
data/1313_samples.png	Số 271 Trường Chinh, Phường Quang Trung, Thành phố Nam Định, Nam Định
data/1314_samples.png	386 Điện Biên Phủ, Phường Hoà Khê, Quận Thanh Khê, Đà Nẵng
data/1315_samples.png	150B Nguyễn Văn Cừ, Thành phố Bảo Lộc, Lâm Đồng
data/1316_samples.png	C39, đường 30/4, Phường Xuân Khánh, Quận Ninh Kiều, Cần Thơ
data/1317_samples.png	Khối 2, Phường Hồng Sơn, Thành phố Vinh, Nghệ An
data/1318_samples.png	Thôn Quý Khê, Xã Cẩm Hoàng, Huyện Cẩm Giàng, Hải Dương
data/1319_samples.png	29 út Tịch, Phường 4, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1320_samples.png	Số 1, phố Phan Đình Giót, Phường Phương Liệt, Quận Thanh Xuân, Hà Nội
data/1321_samples.png	Số 583, khu phố 2, Phường Mỹ Phước, Thị Xã Bến Cát, Bình Dương
data/1322_samples.png	Xã Lỗ sơn, Huyện Tân Lạc, Hòa Bình
data/1323_samples.png	105 Phan Bội Châu, Phường Ba Đình, Thành phố Thanh Hoá, Thanh Hoá
data/1324_samples.png	Đội 3, Thôn Thọ Sơn, Xã Quang Hưng, Huyện Ninh Giang, Hải Dương
data/1325_samples.png	215/36I Nguyễn Xí, Phường 13, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1326_samples.png	Tổ dân phố 8, Thị Trấn Quang Minh, Huyện Mê Linh, Hà Nội
data/1327_samples.png	Thôn Phúc Thạnh, Huyện Lâm Hà, Lâm Đồng
data/1328_samples.png	Xóm 3, Thôn Cấn Hạ, Xã Cấn Hữu, Huyện Quốc Oai, Hà Nội
data/1329_samples.png	Số 75 phố Khâm Thiên, phường Khâm Thiên, Quận Đống Đa, Hà Nội
data/1330_samples.png	Thôn Đại Từ, Xã Đông Thịnh, Huyện Đông Sơn, Thanh Hoá
data/1331_samples.png	Số 151, Tổ 9, ấp Tân Xuân, Xã Tân Phú, Huyện Tân Châu, Tây Ninh
data/1332_samples.png	Thiệu Vận, Huyện Thiệu Hoá, Thanh Hoá
data/1333_samples.png	Thôn Văn xá, Huyện An Dương, Hải Phòng
data/1334_samples.png	Số 256, tổ 41, Phường Hoàng Văn Thụ, Quận Hoàng Mai, Hà Nội
data/1335_samples.png	Khu 02, Xã Đại Đồng, Huyện Vĩnh Tường, Vĩnh Phúc
data/1336_samples.png	Số 292/3, KP 4, Phường Tân Biên, Thành Phố Biên Hoà, Đồng Nai
data/1337_samples.png	Tổ 10, phố Long Châu Sa, Phường Thọ Sơn, Thành Phố Việt Trì, Phú Thọ
data/1338_samples.png	26 Nguyễn Sĩ Sách, Phường 15, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1339_samples.png	Tổ 3, thôn Ngọc Hội, Xã Vĩnh Ngọc, Thành Phố Nha Trang, Khánh Hòa
data/1340_samples.png	Số 78/26B Trần Phú, khóm 1, Phường 2, Thành phố Trà Vinh, Trà Vinh
data/1341_samples.png	Nhơn Châu, Xã Nhơn Châu, Thành Phố Quy Nhơn, Bình Định
data/1342_samples.png	Xóm 7, xã Mường Chiên, Huyện Quỳnh Nhai, Sơn La
data/1343_samples.png	Phường Quảng Thọ, Thị Xã Ba Đồn, Quảng Bình
data/1344_samples.png	Nhà ông Nhân, thôn Lịch Bài, Xã Vũ Hòa, Huyện Kiến Xương, Thái Bình
data/1345_samples.png	316 Lê Văn Sỹ, Phường 1, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1346_samples.png	175/12 Nguyễn Tri Phương, Phường 08, Quận 5, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1347_samples.png	ấp Hoà Khanh xã Thạnh Quới, Huyện Mỹ Xuyên, Sóc Trăng
data/1348_samples.png	33 Trần Phú, Thị trấn Chí Thạnh, Huyện Tuy An, Phú Yên
data/1349_samples.png	83/8/16A ấp 4, Xã Đông Thạnh, Huyện Hóc Môn, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1350_samples.png	987 Phạm Văn Bạch, Phường 12, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1351_samples.png	170/24 Bến Vân Đồn, phường 06, Quận 4, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1352_samples.png	Số 96, Bạch Đằng, Khu phố 1, Thị Xã Kiến Tường, Long An
data/1353_samples.png	908 Tạ Quang Bửu, Phường 5, Quận 8, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1354_samples.png	Thôn Hòa Sơn, Xã Cao Thượng, Huyện Tân Yên, Bắc Giang
data/1355_samples.png	Số 4, ngõ 347 Nguyễn Khang, Phường Yên Hoà, Quận Cầu Giấy, Hà Nội
data/1356_samples.png	208 Nguyễn Trãi, Phường Phạm Ngũ Lão, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1357_samples.png	31B Trưng Nhị, Phường Đức Nghĩa, Thành phố Phan Thiết, Bình Thuận
data/1358_samples.png	12/5 Cù Lao, Phường 02, Quận Phú Nhuận, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1359_samples.png	Khu công nghiệp Khánh Phú, Xã Khánh Phú, Huyện Yên Khánh, Ninh Bình
data/1360_samples.png	Số 541A, Khóm 1, Thị trấn Lai Vung, Huyện Lai Vung, Đồng Tháp
data/1361_samples.png	62 Pasteur, Phường Bến Nghé, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1362_samples.png	A1/3 ấp 1, Xã Lê Minh Xuân, Huyện Bình Chánh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1363_samples.png	SN47 Tổ 18 P.Bồ xuyên, Thành Phố Thái Bình, Thái Bình
data/1364_samples.png	Thôn Đọi Nhất, xã Đọi Sơn, Xã Đọi Sơn, Huyện Duy Tiên, Hà Nam
data/1365_samples.png	182/1 ấp Dốc Mơ 1, QL 20 xã Gia Tân, Huyện Thống Nhất, Đồng Nai
data/1366_samples.png	895/12 Đường Quang Trung, Phường 14, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1367_samples.png	Số 137 Nguyễn Trãi, Phường Thượng Đình, Quận Thanh Xuân, Hà Nội
data/1368_samples.png	Số 22/23, KP 4, Phường Hố Nai, Thành phố Biên Hoà, Đồng Nai
data/1369_samples.png	Thửa số 1390, ấp 4, Xã Lương Bình, Huyện Bến Lức, Long An
data/1370_samples.png	62B(Tầng 02) Phạm Ngọc Thạch, Phường 06, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1371_samples.png	Thôn Đòng xã Hưng Công, Huyện Bình Lục, Hà Nam
data/1372_samples.png	Đội 9 thôn An Tân, Xã Cẩm Định, Huyện Cẩm Giàng, Hải Dương
data/1373_samples.png	Xã Hợp tiến, Huyện Đông Hưng, Thái Bình
data/1374_samples.png	41 Nguyễn Thị Minh Khai, Phường Bến Nghé, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1375_samples.png	Tầm Ngân 2, Lâm Sơn, Huyện Ninh Sơn, Ninh Thuận
data/1376_samples.png	Thôn Mỹ Nhơn, Xã Bắc Phong, Huyện Thuận Bắc, Ninh Thuận
data/1377_samples.png	37 Tôn Đức Thắng #12 P1210 P.BN, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1378_samples.png	113 Lê Đình Lý, Phường Vĩnh Trung, Quận Thanh Khê, Đà Nẵng
data/1379_samples.png	Tổ 19, Phường Cầu Diễn, Quận Nam Từ Liêm, Hà Nội
data/1380_samples.png	39 Phùng Khắc Khoan, Phường Đa Kao, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1381_samples.png	Số nhà 83, Khối 4, Thị trấn Rừng Thông, Huyện Đông Sơn, Thanh Hoá
data/1382_samples.png	thôn Đồng Quế, Xã Đồng Quế, Huyện Sông Lô, Vĩnh Phúc
data/1383_samples.png	Thôn Phú Lưu, Huyện Vĩnh Lộc, Thanh Hoá
data/1384_samples.png	418 Tôn Đức Thắng, Phường Hoà Minh, Quận Liên Chiểu, Đà Nẵng
data/1385_samples.png	Số 552B Võ Thị Sáu, Phường Mỹ Xuyên, Thành phố Long Xuyên, An Giang
data/1386_samples.png	Số 107/1/2B Bình Giã, Phường 8, Thành Phố Vũng Tàu, Bà Rịa - Vũng Tàu
data/1387_samples.png	Phòng 2 nhà D TT nhà máy Thăng long, Quận Thanh Xuân, Hà Nội
data/1388_samples.png	29 Đường A4, Phường 12, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1389_samples.png	56- Phan Văn Định, Phường Hoà Khánh Bắc, Quận Liên Chiểu, Đà Nẵng
data/1390_samples.png	299 Trương Vĩnh Ký, Phường Tân Thành, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1391_samples.png	số 449/2E Lê Quang Định, Phường 5, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1392_samples.png	Khu 9, Xã Hùng Lô, Thành phố Việt Trì, Phú Thọ
data/1393_samples.png	thôn Thanh Mỹ, Xã Phù Lưu, Huyện Lộc Hà, Hà Tĩnh
data/1394_samples.png	Xóm trung tâm, xã Khánh Lợi, Huyện Yên Khánh, Ninh Bình
data/1395_samples.png	42 Mỹ Đa Đông 4, Phường Mỹ An, Quận Ngũ Hành Sơn, Đà Nẵng
data/1396_samples.png	33A/29 Phước Long, Phường Phước Long, Thành phố Nha Trang, Khánh Hòa
data/1397_samples.png	Số 10 Nguyễn Khoái, phường 03, Quận 4, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1398_samples.png	Số 518 ấp Tân Vĩnh Thuận, Xã Tân Ngãi, Thành Phố Vĩnh Long, Vĩnh Long
data/1399_samples.png	Lô 4 đường TS 6 KCN Tiên Sơn, Xã Hoàn Sơn, Huyện Tiên Du, Bắc Ninh
data/1400_samples.png	Số 40, ngõ 328 Lê Trọng Tấn, Phường Định Công, Quận Hoàng Mai, Hà Nội
data/1401_samples.png	57- Lê Văn Sĩ, Phường Hoà Minh, Quận Liên Chiểu, Đà Nẵng
data/1402_samples.png	06 Trần Quang Khải, Phường Phú Hội, Thành phố Huế, Thừa Thiên - Huế
data/1403_samples.png	Xã Mường Mươn, Xã Mường Mơn, Huyện Mường Chà, Điện Biên
data/1404_samples.png	77 Trần Nhân Tôn, Phường 09, Quận 5, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1405_samples.png	130 Nguyễn Thị Minh Khai, Phường 06, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1406_samples.png	Tổ Dân Phố 3, Huyện Đức Phổ, Quảng Ngãi
data/1407_samples.png	23 Nguyễn Văn Tráng, Phường Bến Thành, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1408_samples.png	Số 196 đường Quang Trung, Phường Quang Trung, Quận Hà Đông, Hà Nội
data/1409_samples.png	8 Nguyễn Huệ, Phường Bến Nghé, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1410_samples.png	Số 1 đường Nguyễn Mânz, Phường Nam Sơn, Quận Kiến An, Hải Phòng
data/1411_samples.png	Số 223 đường Hà Huy Tập, Thị trấn Yên Viên, Huyện Gia Lâm, Hà Nội
data/1412_samples.png	Đường 20-9, TT.Bắc Hà, Huyện Bắc Hà, Lào Cai
data/1413_samples.png	Thọ Đa, Xã Kim Nỗ, Huyện Đông Anh, Hà Nội
data/1414_samples.png	Quang Sơn, Huyện Đồng Hỷ, Thái Nguyên
data/1415_samples.png	Tổ 04, ấp 2, Xã Tân Thạnh Tây, Huyện Củ Chi, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1416_samples.png	Số 2 Đường Thi Sách, Phường Bến Nghé, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1417_samples.png	Số nhà 23 K3, Thị trấn Rừng Thông, Huyện Đông Sơn, Thanh Hoá
data/1418_samples.png	21 Nguyễn Thái Học, P. Mỹ Bình, Thành Phố Long Xuyên, An Giang
data/1419_samples.png	Tổ 21 ấp Phước Hưng, Xã Mỹ Xuân, Huyện Tân Thành, Bà Rịa - Vũng Tàu
data/1420_samples.png	17 Đường Mỹ Giang 1A, Phường Tân Phong, Quận 7, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1421_samples.png	45/103 Trần Huy Liệu, Phường 12, Quận Phú Nhuận, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1422_samples.png	Phố Vàng xã Nghĩa Đạo, Huyện Thuận Thành, Bắc Ninh
data/1423_samples.png	Số 64 Tổ 3, ấp 14, Xã Long Trung, Huyện Cai Lậy, Tiền Giang
data/1424_samples.png	Số 59, KP 1, Phường Long Bình Tân, Thành Phố Biên Hoà, Đồng Nai
data/1425_samples.png	509A Hậu Giang, Phường 11, Quận 6, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1426_samples.png	Thôn Ninh Xá, Xã Ninh Sở, Huyện Thường Tín, Hà Nội
data/1427_samples.png	73 Đường Số 9, Khu phố 8, Phường 9, Quận Gò Vấp, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1428_samples.png	Số 172A Chùa Hàng, Phường Hồ Nam, Quận Lê Chân, Hải Phòng
data/1429_samples.png	55-57 Nguyễn Văn Giai, Phường Đa Kao, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1430_samples.png	Số 9 Lê Lợi, Thị trấn Mỹ Xuyên, Huyện Mỹ Xuyên, Sóc Trăng
data/1431_samples.png	Tổ 1 Bằng A, Phường Hoàng Liệt, Quận Hoàng Mai, Hà Nội
data/1432_samples.png	Số 39 đường số 2, Phường Trường Thọ, Quận Thủ Đức, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1433_samples.png	Xóm Tân Dân, Xã Nam Mỹ, Huyện Nam Trực, Nam Định
data/1434_samples.png	1025/14A Cách Mạng Tháng 8, Phường 7, Quận Tân Bình, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1435_samples.png	138B Gò Dầu, Phường Tân Quý, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1436_samples.png	24/8 Hoàng Hoa Thám, Phường 7, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1437_samples.png	Trung tâm UBND xã Mê Linh, Huyện Đông Hưng, Thái Bình
data/1438_samples.png	11 Lý Thánh Tôn, Thành phố Nha Trang, Khánh Hòa
data/1439_samples.png	Tầng 9, 68 Nguyễn Huệ, Phường Bến Nghé, Quận 1, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1440_samples.png	432/11 Dương Bá Trạc, Phường 1, Quận 8, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1441_samples.png	ấp Bình Thạnh I, Xã Hòa An, Huyện Chợ Mới, An Giang
data/1442_samples.png	Km 52, quốc lộ 5A, Phường Cẩm Thượng, Thành phố Hải Dương, Hải Dương
data/1443_samples.png	770/06 Lê Văn Hiến, Phường Hoà Hải, Quận Ngũ Hành Sơn, Đà Nẵng
data/1444_samples.png	Số 26, ngõ 165, đường Thái Hà, Phường Láng Hạ, Quận Đống Đa, Hà Nội
data/1445_samples.png	729 âu Cơ, Phường Tân Thành, Quận Tân phú, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1446_samples.png	Thôn Phúc Hậu 2, Xã Dục Tú, Huyện Đông Anh, Hà Nội
data/1447_samples.png	Tổ 5, Phường Khuê Mỹ, Quận Ngũ Hành Sơn, Đà Nẵng
data/1448_samples.png	155 đường Hai Bà Trưng, Phường 06, Quận 3, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1449_samples.png	Phòng B411 nhà B, số 10 Tôn Thất Thuyết, Quận Cầu Giấy, Hà Nội
data/1450_samples.png	42/2, khu phố 2, Thị trấn Bến Lức, Huyện Bến Lức, Long An
data/1451_samples.png	37 Nguyễn Văn Đậu P.06, Phường 6, Quận Bình Thạnh, TP Hồ Chí Minh
data/1452_samples.png	Xóm anh Hùng, Xã Thượng Lộc, Huyện Can Lộc, Hà Tĩnh
data/1453_samples.png	Lô số 43-29 Khu CN Phước Đông, Xã Phước Đông, Huyện Gò Dầu, Tây Ninh
data/1454_samples.png	Xã Nam Dương, Huyện Nam Trực, Nam Định
data/1455_samples.png	Tảo Dương Văn, Huyện Ứng Hoà, Hà Nội
data/1456_samples.png	Khu Nông Giang, Thị trấn Tây Đằng, Huyện Ba Vì, Hà Nội
data/1457_samples.png	Số 11 Đường 11, Phường 02, Quận Phú Nhuận, TP Hồ Chí Minh
